clean	!!! As a woman you shouldn't complain about cleaning up your house. as a man you should always take the trash out...
vulgar	!!!!! boy dats cold...tyga dwn bad for cuffin dat hoe in the 1st place!!
vulgar	!!!!!!! Dawg!!!! You ever fuck a bitch and she start to cry? You be confused as shit
vulgar	!!!!!!!!! she look like a tranny
vulgar	!!!!!!!!!!!!! The shit you hear about me might be true or it might be faker than the bitch who told it to ya
vulgar	!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The shit just blows me..claim you so faithful and down for somebody but still fucking with hoes!
vulgar	!!!!!! I can not just sit up and HATE on another bitch .. I got too much shit going on!
vulgar	!!!! cause I'm tired of you big bitches coming for us skinny girls!!
vulgar	you might not get ya bitch back thats that
vulgar	:hobbies include: fighting Mariam bitch
vulgar	Keeks is a bitch she curves everyone lol I walked into a conversation like this. Smh
vulgar	Murda Gang bitch its Gang Land
vulgar	So hoes that smoke are losers ? yea ... go on IG
vulgar	bad bitches is the only thing that i like
vulgar	bitch get up off me
vulgar	bitch nigga miss me with it
vulgar	bitch plz whatever
vulgar	bitch who do you love
vulgar	bitches get cut off everyday B
vulgar	black bottle a bad bitch
vulgar	broke bitch cant tell me nothing
vulgar	cancel that bitch like Nino
vulgar	cant you see these hoes wont change
vulgar	fuck no that bitch dont even suck dick the Kermit videos bout to fuck IG up
vulgar	got ya bitch tip toeing on my hardwood floors
vulgar	her pussy lips like Heaven doors
vulgar	hoe what its hitting for
vulgar	i met that pussy on Ocean Dr . i gave that pussy a pill
vulgar	i need a trippy bitch who fuck on Hennessy
vulgar	i spend my money how i want bitch its my business
vulgar	i txt my old bitch my new bitch pussy wetter
vulgar	i'd say im back to the old me but my old bitches would get excited
vulgar	if you aint bout that Murder Game pussy nigga shut up
vulgar	if you're toes ain't done you pussy stinks
vulgar	im done with bitter bitches its a wrap for that . if you a angry bird theres a app for that
vulgar	is that ya bitch
vulgar	it aint nothing to cut a bitch off
vulgar	jus meet son now he ya mane ass bitches #Shots
vulgar	lames crying over hoes thats tears of a clown
vulgar	like Snoop said in 94 we dont love these hoes
clean	momma said no pussy cats inside my doghouse
vulgar	most hated but the hoes favorite #2MW #SevenOne #
vulgar	nice girls bad, make me get naughty. Bad yello hoe, real nice body. Down south chick, like em real thick
vulgar	pimps up pimps up hoes down Future voice
vulgar	post a picture of that pussy get 200 likes
vulgar	pussy is a powerful drug #HappyHumpDay
vulgar	quick piece of pussy call it a drive by
vulgar	running round here like some brand new pussy thats bout to get fucked
vulgar	these bitches even worst they'll send them guys for you
vulgar	these hoes like niggas that spend money not talk bout it
vulgar	we dont trust these niggas all these bitches
vulgar	yall niggas b cuffing hoes cause yall aint never have bitches
vulgar	you dodge a bullet All da bitches I cut off pregnant or bound to be ....thank God
vulgar	young Pill Chamberlain these bitches love my music
vulgar	Teanna Trump probably cleaner than most of these twitter hoes but.........
vulgar	Gay niggas couldn't wait to act like bitches tonight
vulgar	And ima steal his cat n replace it with a pitbull He a bitch you should do it
vulgar	he's gone always be a hoe
vulgar	...Son of a bitch took my Tic Tacs. I like this movie.
vulgar	..All I wanna do is get money and fuck model bitches! - Russell Simmons
vulgar	I probably wouldnt mind school as much if we didnt have to deal with bitch ass teachers. Retweet
vulgar	I'm a fucking fag they said
vulgar	Females think dating a pussy is cute now? how does doing this stuff make him a pussy?
clean	-SimplyAddictedToGuys woof woof hot scally lad
vulgar	Have ya ever asked your bitch for other bitches - kanye voice Yes
vulgar	How u gone bring ur side bitch to a game where You know Ya gf friends at ?! I SWEAR!!!!!
clean	woof woof and hot soles
clean	Lemmie eat a Oreo do these dishes. One oreo? Lol
vulgar	bitch fuck u maybe you'll get better. Just
vulgar	Fuck Red Malone man bitch ass niggah could you please use complete sentences?
clean	Why the eggplant emoji doe?y he say she looked like scream lmao
vulgar	Hennessey Venom GT that's one sexy bitch
vulgar	Him seh me pussy wetter then a shower curtain....#ahmesehwetnesslmao!!
vulgar	#Eaglesnation and every #Eagles need to see that pic I just posted because that bitch just said the most racist shit
vulgar	Yo fuck skateboarding, all y'all some wood pushing faggots man, ball is life
clean	baby monkey bathtime Awwwwe! This is soooo ADORABLE!
vulgar	I ain't shit . Damn Skippy lol
vulgar	u ever kill a ant on the sidewalk and think damn what if that nigga was on his way to get some pussyNo bs must b 30%chance
vulgar	0 rings 0 mvps 0 bitches lol
vulgar	ppl talk bad about the ghetto/hood ... but as a kid growing up, a nigga had funnnnnnn !
vulgar	The facts on tattoos...tattoo he's a pussy with not tattooing them nipples
vulgar	Bitches be wanting to act like niggas so bad that shit aint cuteeeee but niggas act like bitches..
vulgar	Get worshiping bitch! woof woof
vulgar	Wow. I'm lost. Are those buttcheek piercings? yeah she's a hoe
vulgar	Ok, sis. She'd rather be a broke bitch? *shrugs* she'll have to tell me how it works for her
vulgar	faggot read my tweets after dat k it wasn't even funny lol
vulgar	This bitch was so ungrateful fr ..... LULWHORE
vulgar	I been kidnapped yo bitch
vulgar	happy birthday nigs Thanks yo
vulgar	when ur teacher tells u that u have homework this bitch need to go!!!
vulgar	that nigga was eating that hoe lol Hell Yea lol john Paul nigga said john paul..
vulgar	What would y'all lil ugly bald headed bitches do if they stop making make-up weave?
vulgar	Leafs better win this damn game so I can go riot and shit #EarlyChristmas you better start looting my nig
vulgar	Going back to school sucks more dick than the hoes who attend it.
vulgar	On my way to fuck yo bitch me as a 9 year old
vulgar	how come you never bring me food i dont have a car retard
vulgar	If Richnow doesn't show up with hella tinder hoes Im not his friend anymore chill I brought like like 8 prople
vulgar	How bout them Cowboys!!!! Shutup pussy
vulgar	LMAOOOOOOOOOOO this nigga bitch want likes for some depressing shit..foh
vulgar	girl you know I was spitting that G shit to you you was going lbvsbitch plz
vulgar	Let me make a couple tweets off cuzzo page, so I won't get in twitter jail.lmao bitch don't trick me again
vulgar	Harlem shake is just an excuse to go full retard for 30 seconds.
vulgar	amen miley but she don't need to act like a hoe just bc she's emotionally damaged foh
vulgar	having one loyal female is wayyyyy better than having hoes , idc
vulgar	Pussy licking pussy.... meow meow #StopWhitePeople2014
vulgar	Check out our 12th man. #CowboysNation even with all those faggot ny fans in the stands
vulgar	What happen to them vixen ent bitches they got ran and threw to the side like a foothill bitch
vulgar	im the bitch okay nudes pat wow
vulgar	The fuck be wrong with these bitches? Nobody knows
vulgar	Yall shut up:p make me bitch
vulgar	I hate a I'm pregnant type of bitch.
vulgar	Got bitches in the DM but I don't ever read'em which is y your top 3
clean	Baseball season for the win. #Yankees This is where the love started
vulgar	Little stupid as bitch I don't fuck with yoooooouuuu..
vulgar	she really asked me that dead ass serious tho, all i could say was bitch wheet LOL
clean	I'm an early bird and I'm a night owl, so I'm wise and have worms.
clean	Overdosing on heavy drugs doesn't sound bad tonight. I do that pussy shit every day.
clean	Pit Bulls Photographed As Lovely Fairy Tale Creatures They *are* fairy tale creatures.
vulgar	Aw. ...fag, don't tweet aw to me lol
clean	As long as the Lakers trash from now on, I could careless. And that's real.. CC: hahaha
vulgar	I didn't say anything tho kiss me then faggot
clean	this the I play soccer, cheat on girls, and wear khaki coloured cargos haircut yup
vulgar	I could go for a fat ass bitch on my lap same
vulgar	17 missed calls!!!! Das yo P.O bitch twitter finna be screamn #FreeMoneyMelle
vulgar	Ya side bitch gotta know it's rules to this shit..anybody ask you my cousin from jersey thinkin bout moving lmmfao
vulgar	3 | Amo los pies fuck yeah
vulgar	These hoes be thinking Meat won't slap they ass ainna bruh
vulgar	Yall bitches wit no edges be doing the most talking
vulgar	Yall still going trick or treating this year or nah?hell yeah ima be da sweet tooth bandit steal bitches bags n shit
vulgar	I wanna have sex with my mom fuck her right in that pussy where I came from damn you got hacked like fuck
vulgar	If she kiss u with her eyes open watch that bitch!lmfao
vulgar	You a woulda coulda shoulda ass hoe
vulgar	Happy Bday Bitch Ass Nigga preciate that bitch roll up!
vulgar	used to send that bitch up
vulgar	Ugly bitches be like I'm my own WCW duh bitch you ain't nobody elses
vulgar	nigga you know we hacky sack hoes. ...nah, I throw no look passes lmao
vulgar	Glad I'm getting outta Atlanta. Nothing but a bunch of niggas in outta jail dumb bitches with mad kids fuckin em.
clean	This isn't ghetto.....it's smart I'm doing this idc
vulgar	I would wife a hoe only cuz we wouldn't care that we cheating in each other. ...why force the relationship in the first place?
vulgar	Being single isn't an excuse to be a hoe.
vulgar	White boy power bitch black power bitch
vulgar	Lets get drunk, get blowed, spit shit spark blunts fuck hoes! Bro white dudes have no chill.
vulgar	bitch where u been Around the world and back. Where you been?
vulgar	if I don't get my dick sucked at yo party by a bad bitch I'm fr gone set it off *by *
vulgar	#oomf is soooo cute. But he probably has hoes on him a lot.
vulgar	In every cartoon theirs alway a saving these hoes lmao. lmao damn captain SaveAHoe
clean	Who wants to get there nose in these bad bois then #scally #chav #sockfetish #stinking hot sox and legs
vulgar	I wish I was a bitch like my brother keezy ooooow I bet you do
vulgar	If you dressed up as a cat for Halloween you are basic. ...or a pussy
vulgar	Can pornhub just get a gaming stream feature so these dumb bitches can gtfo get on it Katie3
vulgar	stop being scared to choke her during sex u bitch ass niggas. Shell like it.. Says the guy who hits women out of bed. FOH
vulgar	ha well iguess I make them hoes loyal bro theyll never be loyal that y they hoes my nig
vulgar	Oh man.. its 5 am, you off a molly, ho where the fuck ya seed at?? #fixed
vulgar	You're not a man if you refer to every girl as a bitch
vulgar	Lmfao this cat started beating the shit out of me my nigga finally got some pussy?!? MY NIGGA!!!
clean	Peel up peel up bring it back up rewind back where I'm from they move Shaq from the line ooooow who tf said that trash!!?
vulgar	io io alu record ho vine sai pe hahahaha lol anywaaaaaays..... haha
vulgar	naw it's my old tape. new cover . my upcoming mixtape is #KingOfTheHill Yeah I'm waiting on that hoe Mayne!
vulgar	Ol dirty foot ass bitches.. this was too funny to me.
vulgar	that's where I get my yellow flags for being amazing HELL YEAH NIGGY
vulgar	Don't got time for bitches to be actin iffy.
clean	#UCFPINKPARTY come on stay alive knights nation!!!! This is still the early bird special. #ComeAtMeUT
vulgar	These hoes ain't loyal ; no they ain't Smfh wonder why nobody decent wants them
vulgar	Bruh, you studs keep thinking I'm soft as hell. Ask ya girl how many times she screamed she was my bitch. Oh okay. STFU. BYE HOE!
vulgar	dry pussy bitches always blame it on the condom
vulgar	shut yo bitch ass up!
vulgar	Gucci Mane in jail and dropping mixtapes every month and you hoes can't even text back
vulgar	You love these hoes more then money wats wrong these niggas
vulgar	A loyal bitch from the burbs without daddy issues is like finding a holographic Mewtwo. ...sounding like me over there lol
vulgar	Easy cum, easy hoe That's a fact !
vulgar	Charlie Sheen is too real major fucking respect for Charlie Sheen.
vulgar	Wish I had a bae You got all the hoes tho
vulgar	Fuck twerking bitch can you cook ?
vulgar	bitch wtf
vulgar	Shut up zoe fight me pussy for zoe? I'm good, man. You are good ma'am. Move along now
vulgar	Lmao fucking snake bitches @ em
vulgar	Big booty hoes everywhere sheesh damn
clean	Stay tuned to for an update on the report that 1B will be out 8-10 weeks #bum
clean	I play soccer, cheat on girls, and wear khaki coloured cargos haircut yes lmfao
vulgar	Oregon chokes every year get off the field trash ass program RFT
vulgar	Def not cowboy lol Terrell Owens was the best Eagle Cowboy ever ..dude cried like a bitch on tv, over Romo
vulgar	How could u do this to me bitch potent
clean	a pissed lad past out. I would lick his dirty soles while he slept.
clean	love frat boy w/ soft long soles
clean	sexy lad with hot soles and arches.
vulgar	nah fam I gotta cheat with the hoes depends on the female i feel
clean	I got hicks lol
vulgar	This new twitter is confusing the shit out of me. Go back to south america bitch
vulgar	Toto means ass or vagina?I think pussy cause toto santi is like nasty pussy
vulgar	but what if he actually does choose the ugly bitch over you? Her ass must be fat!
vulgar	bitch couldn't kill my vibe if ya tried. dis why i love miley :*
vulgar	I'm tired of bitches saying I look mean.. nigga you big af, wear tight shirts, and grim everybody.
clean	10 birds your grandkids may never see, thanks to climate change #Climate
vulgar	Stay beautiful you bitch
vulgar	#WutKinda r purple. Ceeeleeeman this gurl was jus playin on the stupid hoe track. But in still shitted on sum gurls
vulgar	Money getting taller and bitches getting blurry
vulgar	I ain't never seen a bitch so obsessed with they nigga I'm obsessed with mine
vulgar	Kobe stay talking trash. But let's not forget I meant to do this one. Smh.
vulgar	People always asking me what I'm mixed with. She a bad asian bitch lol
clean	Fosters home for imaginary trash WHOA CHILL that show was everything tf
vulgar	I am lowkey tired. ...if you tired, be quiet and go to sleep hoe!
vulgar	Stop bringing weird niggers into my mentions!
vulgar	We don't love these hoes
vulgar	If yo girl cant have homeboys you a ol weak bitch ass nigga!
vulgar	I think worst advice I gave you was don't be a pussy and speed up lol
vulgar	Quote this tweet with your favorite animal.pussy
vulgar	I hate when strippers tell you they're dancers. Hoe, ballet dancers don't pop their pussy to Beethoven. You a STRIPPER!
vulgar	Andrewbryant: Poff has double vision after 2 beers Poff: ... Double pussy smh
vulgar	When bitches TWERK on the computer.... ME: In ya , in ya damn
vulgar	Prince, THIS is art. nobody takin his bitch!
clean	61% of welfare/government aid is claimed by white people. So y'all black slander is trash now.
vulgar	These bitches don't care they just play that role.
vulgar	It took a while for you to find me, but I was hiding In the lime tree. dis bitch in da wrong tree bro.
clean	inna di ghetto!!! You alone lmaoo
clean	hoes Austin teach us Austin.I teach u how to get curved? That's all I know
vulgar	bitches can't cook but know how to suck dick .. s/o to the ones that can do both!
vulgar	Fat hoes get chose lol
vulgar	#hoesaintloyal well they're hoes,no one expects them to be loyal
vulgar	ol bitch ass
vulgar	Bruh im tired of niggas retweetin Miley Cyrus naked that bitch aint no types of bad lmaooo
vulgar	Just because tony romo at the mavs game dont mean he still not a bitch lmao.. Fuk them cowgirls lol bitch fuck you
vulgar	: Holy shit, Freddie Highmore was in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory Me: *rolls on the floor, laughing*
vulgar	I don't want to have sex with my gf because I feel like I'm using her.. - anonymous Whata faggot
vulgar	@ One of your followers with this @ somebody, bitch if you don't
vulgar	If ya bitch always bitching clearly she care! Or just an annoying Bitch!
vulgar	These catfish hoes thinkin they slick.. But niggas catching on
vulgar	Can't worry about a bitch that ain't worried bout me #real
vulgar	Side hoes are for insecure niggas that can't handle a real one.
vulgar	Lmao! This bitch come scooting in the tent like she about to fuck some shit up!
vulgar	My cousin said he share hoes with his brothers. He said sharing is caring and he love his brothers
vulgar	i'm hungry but ionn wanna spend my money on foodBroke hoe problems
vulgar	Dese hoes be LYIN to all of us nigga
vulgar	oh yeah fuck that bitch
clean	Eli Manning just threw his NFL-leading 27th interception of the season. Lmao trash
clean	USC senior RB Anthony Brown calls head coach Steve Sarkisian a racist and quits team. he's a bitch
vulgar	Guess what? I also have zero time for your mansplaining! Adios! Stfu pussy
clean	Chilling sexy scally lad
vulgar	I ain't sharing no bitch if you mines you mines
vulgar	money only impress the simple broke bitches
vulgar	#Pisces will never be anybody's bitch, they don't let people control or change them. Rigghhht
clean	tuku ho idk blah blah blah
clean	I'm not mad cuh hahaha suure.. tuku ho ita!
vulgar	These hoes is crazy
vulgar	You ain't ever gonna be a slice bitch. Kevin hart. (:
vulgar	Oomf so fuckin fine tho dam @ her, don't be no bitch.
vulgar	I wonder if the girl that gave head to 24 boys for a drink in magaluf has twitter she probly sends nudes for fags
vulgar	#NewSATQuestions Yeah bitch, yeah bitch, call me _______: a.) Maybe b.) Steve-O c.) Later d.) Jesse Pinkman
vulgar	Hickies in between her thighs right by her pussy Its only right
vulgar	Would you still love me when I'm no longer young and beautiful? No. Ugly monkey ass.
vulgar	y'all come through the front.bitch I ain't coming
vulgar	faggot bitch
vulgar	yea, I'm on my iPad. I don't work this Friday. Let's ball this faggot up i work 2-5
clean	this scally lad would get it
vulgar	Chrus still supahot tho *walks up to teacher with test, drops test in that bitch fohead*
vulgar	I love eating pussy lol I never get full lol I can eat that shit forever lol and ever.
vulgar	No slushes hoes nasty anyway famthem hoes taste like meds
vulgar	No slushes hoes nasty anyway fam
vulgar	BOBBY BITCH-by be getting me live as fuck hell yea i play that hoe before my workout
vulgar	Yo bitch is Gucci Mane : My bitch a stoner
vulgar	I can ride your bitch with no handle bars
vulgar	And if you ain't a hoe get up out my traphoussseeeee
clean	15 sad TV character deaths we're still bitter over... stark was the man
vulgar	These harbor bitches are all Party Bus hoes Lol all?
vulgar	pussy love it
vulgar	Ultraviolence video, its coming you little bitch! #MTVHottest Lana Del Rey bitchy promo
vulgar	On my way to fuck your bitch LMFAO KITTYCOPTER
clean	A smuggler explains how he helped fighters along the Jihadi Highway:
vulgar	Aww their avis look so cute together do I gotta get Ike avi on this bitch ?
vulgar	Its simple, dont be a hoe=dont worry about being exposed fight mewhy ?
vulgar	whys this bitch boosting herself Her size isn't exactly the most healthy tho
vulgar	bet not be no bitches! Kim bye!!!
vulgar	Damn near gotta protect my tweets.. stalkers being annoying you got that dope dick. Drive these bitches loco
vulgar	I'm making marack my girlfriend . aye b you pullin hoes just like o taught you
vulgar	Bruno fag boy you love me.
vulgar	I must be a bitch you are sike naw This why we always beefing
clean	Down 6-1, #Yankees look to rally in the bottom of the 9th. #RALLYCAP
vulgar	Don't take advantage of a nice person@ hoes@ everyjuan
vulgar	Happy birthday bitch nigga Thanks pal
vulgar	Sad knowing that most hoes won't fuck with you bc you ain't got stacks. wait till friday
vulgar	cinco shit harder fucc niggayee but you fucc wit rich homie cuz dats ya homeboy fucc nicca
vulgar	ewww I said THAT last Sunday..as in the last Sunday I was there. Read it again nigs
vulgar	I only punch real niggas in the face cause a pussy Nigga is gonna punch me right back Strong Mush or Shake..
vulgar	My pussy still fresh ----- something stank girls say.
vulgar	Ass slapping is one the greatest things. Haha. I slapped a girl on the ass. . She got mad I aint get pussy for a week
vulgar	yeah Texans are so much better you fucking retard I see that you're mad about this.
vulgar	Nd wtf is up with dark bitches with blonde.. PLEASE HAVE SEVERAL SEATS HOE! ..looking like blackmilds out here
vulgar	There's a lane some bitches need to stay in the left n get right the fuck outta our face
vulgar	I hate when boys deny that they have bitches smh
vulgar	Ya nigs out there still saying y'all don't eat butt?! WITH A STRAIGHT FACE!
vulgar	Im a boss ass bitch ...that needs to sit in a corner
vulgar	He's a hoe , I can't
vulgar	Me And Paul Thinkin Bout Gettin Rentals For Da Weekend oooh shit bitches betta stay out da streets
vulgar	bitches hold they nigga down when he get locked up... but if a nigga go to college or the military it's a different story.
vulgar	why do my friends hate me because you a ratchet hoe..
vulgar	No love for these fuck niggas hoes*
vulgar	Hot meat sexy as fuck scally lad. I would love to meet him and his trainers.
vulgar	Sniff perved up scally lad. fuck yeah.
vulgar	These bitches love Sosa
vulgar	I legit watched it for about 30 or 40 seconds SO DID I WTF prob cause were retarded smh
vulgar	What should I name my cat, ideas? Mr pussy
vulgar	woof woof. Sexy thug boy scally.
vulgar	u see the damn phone ringing? when you married bitches makes demands!!!! You haven't called me
vulgar	Tevin is my favorite sophomore I think he's so funny Hes really not. Lmaoo hes a little hoe
vulgar	10 sex positions this what u call fucking the soul outta bitch
clean	One mans trash is another mans treasure
vulgar	I don't got no type. Bad bitches is the only thing I like *Iongotnotype
vulgar	god teeth , gold chain white bitches , cocaine
vulgar	Its me hoe, its me hoe shhhhh
vulgar	In D.C., we call them rollers, in Chiraq we call them thots. All across America they have been known as a hoe.
vulgar	I'm gonna miss that bitch of a bus driver...no you won't. Don't lie
vulgar	hate when bitches try and put you in the friendzone. bitch I'm tryin to score put me in the endzone ON. MY. SOUL!
clean	Ashley Young has tried to deny that bird s*** landed in his mouth --- hahaha
vulgar	yall both gimped up?? Ain't tht a bitch huh lol
clean	Take me for a ride woof woof
vulgar	oh my god I love Victoria Mitchell all my bitches love me
vulgar	That long distance shit wack I knew the bitch was cheating- uh oh
vulgar	HE'S DOING IT RIGHT no bitches smh
vulgar	they BAN dat pussy for life he gotta pay 2.5 millon dollar fine
vulgar	Roses are red and violets are blue and niggers are black, you know that's true.
clean	Sitting on my window sill, window open, bird tries to fly in. Smacked it. #ProtectTheAnimals
vulgar	But a nigga gon be a nigga, be a nigga. You sound fuckin retarded
clean	a video an entire media will likely mock. i am such a crybaby
vulgar	I'm not even shy stfu kikis mom: Hi angelique Angelique: Smiles *Dips cracker in soup*
vulgar	Tim Tebow got cut from every team he was on in the NFL and he already got more hoes than me in Starkville. Smh.
vulgar	Karma is a bitch #Damn #GodProtectsHisAngels *sips tea*
vulgar	Fuckin hot gym pussy fuck yeah
clean	Jihadi patron Hajjaj al-Ajmi is arrested at Kuwait airport
vulgar	You can call me Fireman cause I turn the hoes on.
vulgar	I could never have a bby by a lil dick Thts y I got a abortion by the last bitch- oh My God
vulgar	Watch women try to argue with me like they have a dick and actually fucked some pussy before I hate when bitches do that
vulgar	And smoke weed in public, fuck cops man, do what you wanna do, they don't own you, run if they come are you retarded?
clean	tweety bird tho
vulgar	my pussy sweet like watermelon Thotermelon
clean	When twitter rappers dm me their trash links
vulgar	loud bitches annoy me
vulgar	Eventually every bitch turns into that hoe. # Truuu
vulgar	I swear if oomf try talking to me tomorrow.. @ pussy
vulgar	You bitches be pretending to be TF crazy.. You ain't never lied...
vulgar	k bye hoe um bye ..
vulgar	ima keep on giving these pussy ass niggas ah reason to hate !
clean	Photo: he is in sole heaven
vulgar	Side bitch Sunday
vulgar	Facts what baldheaded bitch made this shit. Lmao
vulgar	Fuck wit us and then we tweakin hoe shmurda!
clean	We actin like it's the 7th day spook
vulgar	I'll break that lil bitch neck and won't even feel sorry about it Savage
vulgar	This is so fucking hot!! #scally #sneakersex #sockfetish #sniff #trainersex love me some kinky scallies
vulgar	Y'all dumb ass niggas be so pressed to have hoes. Y'all weak as fuck as fuck ...weed over hoes, oreos too.
vulgar	I can turn yo bitch into a eaterrrrrrrrr
vulgar	I don't trust dese hoes Nikki told 51st where I stay at all my fans screen shot ASAP we finna come to Chiraq and shoot sumn
vulgar	Aye yall ima tryout for the bowling team frfr tryouts passed tho no theres two more retard
vulgar	Now u got what u want bitch ! Enjoy it now this is a crazy party I would love to attend.
clean	colored contacts in your eyes? blinders on mine. cause i can't see you at all. Lmao
vulgar	Facts Only the dudes with hoes say they don't got hoes
vulgar	I'm rea start smacking bitches period ! Bluffin at its best
vulgar	Lifes a bitch, and then you die Thats why we get high, cause you neva know when you're gonna go my sister is perfect (:
vulgar	One of us is on drugs, and its me but you're still wrong hahahahahahah im a bitch sometimes (:
vulgar	I'm feeling pretty fuckin ghetto Smh
clean	swears I'm #1 man easily easily behind Austin nip?
vulgar	This is a true ride or die bitch what the fuck hahahahah
clean	H.G.Wells and Charlie Chaplin #History #Photography
vulgar	All I see is Bruno's bitch ass on my twitter now. wtf Bruno's all that she sees (Drake voice)
vulgar	I'm about to cool faggot chill tf is cool nigga
vulgar	I'm so sure bitch frfr tf
vulgar	Twitter is not a source of news broadcast you fucking retards it is when nbc, abc, cnn, Fox, etc are all keeping quiet.
vulgar	Got a couple bitches saying they know me But Ima let the money talk for me AND I'M LIKE... #WWYD
vulgar	Grudges are for weirdosand bitches
clean	I told Mariam to but cigarettes for her birthday You also called me trash rn
clean	brownies tonight what kind?!?!
vulgar	No text back? I don't give a fuck, I'll text another bitch damn someone is hurt lol
vulgar	Ummmmmm okay you got hoes from left to right do yah thang!
vulgar	using y=mx+b to find the slope of that ass
clean	Fit lads! Nice gear! these scally lads n trainers would get it
vulgar	Hell yeah bro! fuck yeah sexy scally lad in hot gear
vulgar	Helping out a mate!! I love scally play. Fuck yeah
vulgar	Lads being Lads! fuck yeah. I love scally lad action. Hot trainers too.
vulgar	Next year bitches is gonna be like you gotta promise you won't expose me
vulgar	So hot!! Lick it, bitch fuck yeah. Eat that trainer u dirty fucker
vulgar	Y'all think celebrity pussy different from the locals? yeah Meghan goods is
clean	I saw an ajumma walk out in the beginning saying, Wow, this is so trash that I can't even listen to it.. lmaoo
vulgar	Need these sox fuck yeah. I love a kinky scally lad w/ rank sox and sneaks
vulgar	I don't ever expose females like that.. That's childish.. bitch nigga shiiii.....
vulgar	yasss *trys new things with bestfriend* *bitch who do you love*
clean	Dude remember this wop video? OMG WHERE DID YOU FIND THAT
vulgar	Thick raw fuck Damn his man pussy is getting a workout.
clean	RAWR!! My sexy French scally. I love him! #frenchscally sexy scally woof woof
vulgar	Nothin in life is free.. Some of you bitches need to write that on ya panties
vulgar	if one of you bitches want some of my burrito u can catch me at potosino huh? Haha
vulgar	Niggas whole hoes out here cuz Couldn't had said it better..
vulgar	Hardcore way to eat Mac and cheese 1. Boil water 2. Snort cheese powder 3. Drink boiling water 4. Fuck bitches
vulgar	#YoureNotMyType if my fade is perpetually fresher than yours. That's a real ass bitch rite there
vulgar	annoying bitch that I love JUDYANN'S SO PRETTY!!!!!
vulgar	Lmao bitch got on some huggies
vulgar	Hi bitch No bitch Bye bitch
vulgar	does he look like a bitch?
vulgar	Chase money not hoes
vulgar	can't stand a I don't know what I want ass nigga bitch*
vulgar	I'm on my way love a #chavhot sexy scally fucker.
vulgar	These newly gay bitches don't kno how shit works
vulgar	When a bitch don't want a real job they just become strippers lol lol.
vulgar	Awww Meat Meat In His Feelinsi ainn n my feelings bitch
vulgar	I Want Snake Bites , MY Industrial Piercin A TattooDem hoe accessories dea
clean	Baby albino
vulgar	these hoes ain't loyal.
vulgar	YASSSSSS, ORDERED CHINESE bitch you just ate tacos you fat fuck
vulgar	I made that bitch lunch. Bitches love lunch.
vulgar	A NO BRAINER But as soon as this bitch gets rich in political power, her views will change! POLITICAL WHORES!
vulgar	A pussy a day keeps the devil away -
vulgar	Ain't that about a bitch... What does that mean?
vulgar	All these bitches want a baby, I don't want no children.
vulgar	And bitch you must be lost
vulgar	Baby I like being on your left side no bitch you can't be there Cuz the street on that side and Twitter said I ain't real if you do
clean	Bae sounds like such a ghetto word. Use something else
vulgar	Batter the wee cunt Jewis y cos he fucked my ex? Emma isnt battering the girls I've nailed?Ive moved on,stop being a pussy n do it urself.
vulgar	Bleed out hoe!!! -Alexa
vulgar	Boolin in the bando wit a few bitches
clean	Brownies for my brownie I love this movie.
vulgar	But I need a bad bitch that's hotter than me might be the realist shit PartyNextDoor ever said. That's how I be feelin everyday
vulgar	By the way we do punch bitches.
vulgar	Caesar is home so much this bitch looks like. Lets start with ape shit
clean	Chinese Maverick: We were communicating Comrade , u know giving the imperialist Yanks the Birdie
vulgar	Dad say hi to my snapchat Dad duces bitch
vulgar	Do you believe these hoes are not in fact loyal? I disagree with that, I do believe they are in fact the loyalest bunch,these hoes
vulgar	Don't know no ugly bitches! Don't know no broke niggas!--
vulgar	Don't make me make you fall in live with a nigga like meee... The birds 12 are my favorite songs by Weeknd
vulgar	Don't you ever give my pussy away. You keep it tight, alright?
vulgar	Dropped a stack cause bitch I'm ON. - Song called Dope. Download the mixtape here:
vulgar	Dumb bitches do dumb things
vulgar	Eat the pussy like a real nigga hungry
vulgar	Eff it. Let's go after the cripple.
vulgar	Everything look better with a bitch next to it
vulgar	Facto Who cares if you a hoe when your ass looks like this?
vulgar	For every bad bitch there is a nigga tired of fucking her
vulgar	Foreign chick, no lie.. Man that bitch Beautiful
vulgar	Fresh nigga so you kno I need a clean bitch... Who kno I'm working cuz I wanna see my team rich.
vulgar	Fuck 5/0 I make my own rules. Suck my dragon balls bitch call me goku
clean	Generate ASCII boxes with NodeJS all I see is the ability to bring flappy-bird in node via ASCII tubes and bird ^_^
vulgar	Get me that shit bitch you is fine bear
vulgar	Get your ass back to Detroit ya fuckin wigger!
vulgar	Girls that I dated, its okay I ain't mad yo, unless you stabbed me in the heart, no love hoe
vulgar	HOW DO YOU KNOW MY TWITTER PASSWORD bitch please
vulgar	Have you seen my shows? Have you seen my hoes? If I wasn't hot would they be so thick?
vulgar	He a bitch for hitting that hoe
vulgar	He married to a white woman... lucky sum-bitch - Uncle Ruckus
vulgar	He wanna be my nigga, but I'm just trinna be his savings account omg imma funny ass bitch man, but that's Real Shit
vulgar	Her great grandmas a hoe,her grandmas a hoe,her moms and a hoe, and she's a hoe! It's a long line of hoes! -Grandpa Carl everyone
vulgar	Hey pussy you still there?
clean	How about we draft all those gung-ho folks and send them to Afghanistan or other war zones so they can show their...
vulgar	How hotter than is it? A bitch.
vulgar	How u talking to hoes bout bro n em.. Why you talking to hoes bout bro n em
vulgar	How you doing, crazy bitch? is hilarious!
vulgar	I KNOW my shoes dirty as fuck, whatever, bitch. You don't have to call! Like, negro... one of the first things they LOOK at is shoes, dog
clean	I am a thrill billy..with a hillbilly heart. -. HAHAHAHAHA Jesus Murphy!
vulgar	I call him my bitch
vulgar	I can't handle no liquor... But these bitches can't handle meeedd - Chief Sosa
vulgar	I don't chase after dudes... I chase after bitches. - Edgar Bautista
vulgar	I don't love these hoes, baby It's me and you forever
vulgar	I dont even need a picture of tamar, that bitch is beat in every picture
vulgar	I dont have hoes
clean	I found a new way to chug you have to open your mouth alot #shitallysays
vulgar	I fucking hate that bitch so much I wanna smack her in the face then tongue kiss her
vulgar	I got a bitch set it off like jada picket..queen latifah you riding round with your nieces bitch you titi
vulgar	I got a sister, she told me stop calling women bitches..
vulgar	I guess this is the night bitches die...!!!! Stewie is that nigga...!
vulgar	I had a bitch that had a bitch, had the bitch eating halibut.. - #FreshRhymes #JerkSquad #SlowStir
vulgar	I have this lady-love She's married, but I still wanna bang her She won't have sex with me What a bitch ~A troubadour, probably
vulgar	I heard you was looking for Candy Man, bitch
vulgar	I hope you don't get mad, ladies. I only call you bitches bitches bc I don't know your names individually. -Katt Williams
vulgar	I just got a number 3 I'm a bitch boy
vulgar	I know that shit eatin grin! You either just fucked the girl of your dreams or you sold a car. We know you're a faggot. What'd you sell?
vulgar	I only be with older men cause they're more mature That supposed to fool us bitch?
vulgar	I prolly leave up out this bitch with my cups in my hand and yo hand in my other hand.
vulgar	I said i don't like it, it tastes like wolf pussy what? How do you even know what that tastes like
vulgar	I taught myself how to eat pussy, and cut my own hair I taught myself how to eat pussy hair Name the movie
vulgar	I used to dress up like a cop too. Oh really? Yeah...right after 9/11...mad pussy. Really? Yes...I'll NEVER FORGET.
vulgar	I went to jail for a flock, came home wit a strike.. You went to jail as a bitch, came home as a dike-
vulgar	I will fuck u where u stand. U dizzy bitch. Two unique separate phrases I overheard a relative saying when I was younger.
vulgar	I woke up like thi- bitch go back to bed
vulgar	I would rather you call me bitch than sir -my manager
vulgar	I'll beat on that pussy so hard
clean	I'll slit your throat-neck
vulgar	I'm a funky ass honkey. - s shout out to tonight before Cabaret #JT2020Tour
vulgar	I'm comparing KFC to the pussy
vulgar	I'm downloading you a new personality and ordering you a new face! You bitch.. I love you.. Goddamn it! -Axl Rose yelling at his sex robot
vulgar	I'm feelin like Malcolm in the middle, these bitches surround me they can't miss em
vulgar	I'm gonna piss on your dimple Stop wasting prayers on trash teams lol
vulgar	I'm probably your main bitch chocolate dipped cinnamon apple
vulgar	I'm sick of his shit man Sit his bitch ass, I'm fed up bro Geno threw yet another pick smh
vulgar	I'm sorry I fucked yo bitch... But she really dig a nigga
vulgar	IBS irritable bitch syndrome.
vulgar	If you love her then hide yo bitch so you'll keep shorty.
vulgar	If you talk back to me you ain't getting no pussy. Me:
vulgar	If you're a bad bitch put your hands up high Every girl in the room starts waving there hands around.
vulgar	Imma tie that bitch up in the basement and donkey-fuck her ass for two weeks straight hahahahahahahahaha #50centmovie #beforeiselfdestruct
vulgar	In My Mind Gotta be the dumb hoe anthem...
clean	Is that an albino Mexican? No dad, he's Asian.
vulgar	It takes a true directioner to accept Larry You know what bitch its fans like you that make the boys cry. #ThankYouPaulForConfirmingLarry
vulgar	It's allegations, were u in the bedroom? Did u see it? Words of a naive blind bitch. We know ur husband cheated on u. Ramona is dumb!!!
vulgar	It's never too late to tag a bitch.-
vulgar	It's the dykes -hunter dyke with a dyke
vulgar	Julia Roberts, you're a ho #NottingHill
clean	Just follow the yellow brick twitter.
vulgar	LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO If your pussy is good but my mama dont like you? Guess who gotta go..my mama.
clean	LOL, cripple! - Wendy Davis. Scientists create remote-controlled chick to study shy penguins
vulgar	Let's do nips ahoy and spank me maybe
vulgar	Like... correct me if I'm wrong but... Doesn't pimpin involve smackin bitches for money?
vulgar	Lmao Pound cake look like pussy
vulgar	Lmao The d.rose adidas are lighter than my phone .... Shit is retarded
clean	Mam, Rene doet in haar rol net of ze ongesteld is Wat is ongesteld? Van dat soort vragen waar je denkt: hoe leg ik die weer uit.
vulgar	Maybe she wants to be more than your friend or maybe she's a stupid bitch. You never know until you make her cum.
clean	Mine plays DMX and kirk Franklin smh Well my neighbors are ghetto . They get up at like 5am and beat their kids.
vulgar	My momma told me to tell you to mind yoooo damn motha fuckin business you 2+2 not knowin what it is bitch!!!!!!
vulgar	My nips are freeeeezing...and that's not okay because they're slicing through my bra....
vulgar	My twitter was hacked = I'm too pussy to admit that I said it and now I want to act like I never said it.
vulgar	Nah girl I ain't gon be able to make it, it's been tight since Russ loss his job you in the back like damn bitch really
vulgar	New Flame the song of the yr lol that bitch SUPER run like
vulgar	Niggas always yelling Fuck bitches, Get money meanwhile they're broke and still want the bitches.
vulgar	Niggas be pressed for pussy, Eeeeeen nothin
vulgar	No bitches - nan
vulgar	No boats and hoes please thanks - Mom
clean	OVO kendrick lamar still trash
vulgar	On top of that, she just a pregnant ass sorry hoe. Aint never got no money. Even her water broke. - #RIPTALLT
clean	Only a couple of Red Sox have gotten past first base. I'm dying laughing. Maybe the Yanks need to teach them some game.
vulgar	Pistol whip my Dickau, shoot yo bitch club up. Sometimes freestyles be freestyles. And I'm okay with that.
vulgar	it for me. Please and thanks Did a pierced pussy just come across my timeline
vulgar	Remy Machiavelli send shots to ya belly my bitch
vulgar	Roberto you are one nasty hoe
vulgar	SORRY JB FANREALLY JUSTIN COME BACK. That is the top comment on a Justin Timberlake video with 10 million views. Son of a fucking bitch!
vulgar	Searching the incredible story of 1 white man's quest to find the ingredients necessary to make Caribbean Jerked Chicken in redneck land
vulgar	Selling my soul for material wishes: fast cars and bitches #Tupac #smile #remix
vulgar	Shake that Bear ... aka two rednecks having sex on a dead bear
vulgar	Shall I compare thee to a summers day? No, a summers day is not a bitch.
vulgar	She gotta shape up her pussy lips tho Whole wheat organic pussy
vulgar	She said wigga man you rich...take the du-rag off
vulgar	She was a bitch anyway
vulgar	She's from Florida so you've got to do the sniff test in those swamp pussies
vulgar	Slow the fuck down, bitch, I know where you live! Classy young lady.
vulgar	So he's a good football player...but he still acts like a nig
vulgar	Stop being a pussy, son, and shove that needle into your own heart! #afterearth
vulgar	Stop looking us and go eat some pussy, you yuppie fucks.
vulgar	Takin it straight to dirt, why finger the pussy when I know I can put my dick in it?
vulgar	That ain't bro moves, that's hoe moves
vulgar	That girl is plain looking borderline ugly chunky. Hey at least she's got a nice smile a great personality.
clean	The devil grows inside the hearts of the selfish and wicked White, brown, yellow and black color is not restricted
clean	The water isn't yellow, I'm a healthy student
vulgar	These hoes ain't loyal
vulgar	These hoes keep callin but I ain't pickin up
vulgar	They Faggots Orioles petty as fuck...got swept up outta this bitch
vulgar	They have some ghetto ass bands * gets snuck*
clean	They have to. That division is trash Saints gon win the NFC South...watch
vulgar	This is for all the fans that waited, the bitch niggas that hated / Old hoes we dated, look mama, we
vulgar	This is for my ghetto motherfuckers -Missy Elliott
clean	This recipe calls for a leftover brownie. What the hell is a LEFTOVER brownie? That's just a brownie you haven't eaten yet.-
vulgar	Those ratchet broads don't represent me but YOUR white ass can't talk trash about them cause you on racist shit Black
vulgar	Trust noneeee, bitch I don't
vulgar	Twitter is twitter bitch twitter is life
clean	Two roads diverged in a yellow wood, and I chose the one to Jtunheimr - Robert Frost Giant
vulgar	U got my 200K bitch nigga--Al Haymon to Antonio Tarver
vulgar	Uh-uh, what do we have? Your empty heart, my empty bottle, a yellow cab.. That you would like to catch cuz yo latest ex made u mad..
vulgar	Used to have a girlfriend, now all I got is hoes.. I was lookin for a good girl, but she was fuckin on the low.
vulgar	Virgin pussy () , regular pussy ( ) , Oomf pussy (_________________________)
vulgar	WHAAAAAAT! LMAOOO!!! that's why I luv u fat bitches cuz y'all got some big ole titties and phat booties
vulgar	Walked in that bitch like, NIGGA WE MADE IT!
vulgar	Well bitch, biology said...
vulgar	What I do? Gotta report you as spam Ladies if your head game better than your pussy
vulgar	When im done with a hoe i pass her to the squad G!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
vulgar	Why u being such a little bitch chris you ain't six bitch - Allisons Mom
vulgar	Why would I want to play with some pussy? - *DEAD* #SNL
vulgar	Why would you wanna be the Green Ranger? He's evil! Duh bitch
vulgar	Why would you want pussy on your side burns?.. Thats a good question hahahahaha
vulgar	Will shank a bitch for ceviche
vulgar	Work - Gets me through those rough days hahaha #hoes
vulgar	Wow you are a bitch Yes that's already been established, anything else you have to say?
vulgar	Y'all forget he has his brand new baby girl at home bitch the cookies are burning
clean	YAH has said in his word that the Mtzra'ym(egyptians) are his people and Ysrah'al is his inheritance and the Kushite(ethiopians).....
clean	Yaoooooooo Mawnin yardies!
vulgar	Yo bitch on the horn. Tryna shoot a porn. - That's T shirt worthy Tony
vulgar	Yo can I sublet your pussy #ShitFahdSays
vulgar	Yo feet smell like my puss Whut ? Like flowers bitch omg
vulgar	Yo mama, bitch. What was the ONE sentence that ended your relationship?
vulgar	You ain't my bitch is my favorite response to long texts
vulgar	You and yo boys some pussy cats.
vulgar	You are a cunt
vulgar	You can pull more pussy with a dodge and collect them panties alright. -stormy and jake
vulgar	You can take someone out of the ghetto, but you can't take the ghetto out of them.
vulgar	You don't like us colored folks, what the he'll you're not colored you white fucks
vulgar	You got hella hoes
clean	You hit no lights, no line for toco bell at 2 in he morning, and Diana's back in her house. It's a miracle - Charlie
vulgar	You look cute today :).. Really?! Helll no, swerve hoe!
clean	You look like little birds help you get dressed in the morning
vulgar	You talk like a fag and your shit's retarded. But that's cool scro, lot's of tards out there living total kick-ass lives!
vulgar	You took our land so you could make each other retarded in DIAPERS? Sure....use our image....cool.... #redskins #NFL #concussion #jokes
vulgar	You're a garden rose, and that bitch is a weed.
vulgar	You're fucked up No shit you dumb ass cunt now go post pictures if your flat ass titties on ig slut
vulgar	Your a queer.
vulgar	Your homeboy looking bad and you giving cash to them hoes
clean	Your teeth are like the stars. Aww thanks! Yeah... yellow and far away from each other.
vulgar	Yup. Fuck em Playing like trash Clippers don't wanna play lol
vulgar	ain't it time for you hoes to get out of here LOL this is what Ariana's mom says to us
vulgar	are we bitches? -
vulgar	bitch freak my shit
vulgar	bitch my vagina is a little more resilient than that -
vulgar	but I love him nah bitch that ain't love.
vulgar	but pussy is the root of all drama an attribute put up in they head by they mama.
vulgar	call me Keyshawn Johnson cause im catchin erry hoe
vulgar	captain save a hoe is the most annoying phrase
vulgar	day of judgement everybody gonna be looking at the big jumbotron watching me fuck this majjinn buu bitch
vulgar	don't let your side bitch settle in, I might have to headbutt you Evelyn
vulgar	dont show me no bitch unless she look like Dolly Parton!!!
clean	hick and raver is a venn diagram that has a very large intersection
vulgar	hoes suck my dick cus i look like john stockton hit em wit the choppa, luke i am your fatherrr -
vulgar	if i wasnt in a work place id deck you aye fucking right, I'd give you a tyson 4 combo nd end you with an uppercut. Shut the fuck up bitch
vulgar	if she can suck your dick with a dip in, she's not only a keeper but a true redneck woman. - Kim's Dad.
vulgar	im gonna rip that bitch apart rip what apart lol
vulgar	its britney bitch - the bible (leviticus 7:58)
vulgar	niggas bitches bitch ass niggas dike ass hoes black ass and bright ass hoes fag tags and scally wags
vulgar	no pussy, or not tryna go to the studio, don't CALL my mufuckin crib like that, god. Yo. Word up god I will BUSS YO SHIT, god, word up
vulgar	oh ya these hoes think they cute in skin tight cat suits assuming that they bodies to boomin to dispute
vulgar	omg this bitch is fucking stupid I swear blah blah blah *a week later* omg ilysm bae ur my best friend I swear
vulgar	riding with my bros still don't trust these hoes
vulgar	this weekends going to be fabulous naa man, you're seeing nae cunt. If you do they'll be koed in 2 seconds flat. Hate u. #fuckgm
vulgar	whatever you are, be a good one. -Abraham Lincoln, this quote is not for yall hoes!
vulgar	when guys say Latinas they mean the Kim Kardashian looking girls not you bitches that shaped like a mini fridge smell like tortillas
clean	when rappers say twat it makes me feel weird
vulgar	you better pipe your pussy down over there- lmao wth does that even mean?
vulgar	you fucking pussy you couldn't even beat your dick. - Angry Youtube Comment
vulgar	you're being a cunt right now -
vulgar	# That son of a bitch moment when it rains and you forget your car windows are down
vulgar	#10ThingsThatGetsOnMyNerves Needy hoes, ratchet Hoes, sideline hoes, Beggin hoes, dumb hoes, looking for love on Facebook hoes..
vulgar	#11 get to hit any bitch on campus he wants to
vulgar	#1personidbitchslap . Fa blowin my tl. Up like a bitches spare tire leavin dairy queen
clean	#2013Faves #Snoop and #Justin are having so much fun at this Charlie Wilson tribute #BETAwards
vulgar	#2013TaughtMe how pussy feels
vulgar	#5WordsAfterSex is that all pussy bitch?
vulgar	#AlexFromTarget gets a million retweets but #ChrisFromWalmart cant even get a bitch to text him back....
vulgar	#AlexFromTarget had them bitches wet...lmmfao
vulgar	#AnnCoulter still calling #Obama a community organizer re: #Syria. Well, she is still #cunt as well. So what?
vulgar	#AsAGiraffes pussy
clean	#AskDems Aren't you embarrassed that Charlie Rangel remains in your caucus?
vulgar	#BOB Bass over bitches bitches on his dick, fishes on the dock
clean	#BREAKING: AP calls Mass. Governor race for Charlie Baker. Watch live coverage on WCVB, streaming online.
vulgar	#BangBangBirdGang ya bitch you!!! 56 -fruit loop
vulgar	#Bartending becomes a real bitch when you the #bartender are way way taller than the bar was designed for. Holy back pains.
vulgar	#BestSongToHaveSexTo bitches love sosa #bangbang
clean	#BigBird was made by a gay couple. So yes, under a GOP world the bird would not have existed since its creators would be in jail for sodomy.
vulgar	#BitchSlapThursdays 2NITE PURE PASSION DOORS OPEN @ 10.... But we watching the game in that bitch too
clean	#BlessJesus Amos 3:3 - Can two walk together, except they be agreed?
clean	#BlessJesus Amos 5:10 There are those who hate the one who upholds justice in court and detest the one who tells the truth.
clean	#BlessJesus The #Crown of HIS head to the sole of HIS feet
clean	#BlessJesusAir Matthew 6:26 Look at the birds of the air.. and yet your heavenly Father feeds them.Are you not much more valuable than they?
clean	#BlessJesusLove Happy Belated ( Sixty-Fifth) 65 Birthday *28 Aunt Mary Agnes #Strong
vulgar	#Bout2GoCrazy #AintNoLevelz2DisShit hungrier then a phat ho on a diet IG
vulgar	#BurnNotice Fi shoots bean bag rounds at the guy - Hurts like a bitch don't they?
vulgar	#CelebrityLeakedPhotos YEAH NOW YOU KNOW how it feels knowing the #NSA is on all our phones. Quit whining like #muslim #bitches.
vulgar	#ChristianBale should be KISSING #Moses ass for his fight with God, OTHERWISE WE MIGHT ALL BE FUCKING DEAD #retarded #ass #actor #faggot
clean	#CommonQuestionIGet Why uou so ghetto?
vulgar	#Cowboys are 6-1 bitches #Cowboysnation another great win Ilove this team
vulgar	#Crack that whip, cracker
vulgar	#DUH That's because they're possibly tucking a penis This bitch got man boobs
vulgar	#DearFeministMen there are easier way to get pussy w/out sacrificing your man hood...best of all they dont include losing ur self respect!
vulgar	#DegenerateArtist Ain't fuckin AROUND with #Allahs #retard #crest I GOT BLESSED by Jesus and you are NOT NEXT, you fake ass TEXT
vulgar	#DegenerateArtist Can't do it ALL on CARD I'm not a French Muslim retard I don't expect or demand a child bride yard, cuz I got MAN DICK
vulgar	#DegenerateArtist Isn't a bitch walks back his words Isn't a WITCH who questions a TURD I'm a GLITCH WHO EVOLVES YOUR ABSURD!!!!!!!!!!!
vulgar	#DegenerateArtist KNOWS words Bo Jingo dangle fan slang ho, ting pang lick drum swing flick alarm bic But you can't hear fire can you?
clean	#DegenerateArtist Sniffs whiffy balls involuntary, cuz a FAIRY walks DOWNTOWN HAIRY, #climatechange all our scary sense of hillbilly sneeze
clean	#DerekJeter as a lifelong #Yankees man, I will miss you. #FirstBallot #Unanimous
clean	#EarlyBird #early #morning #sunrise #dawn #bird #thebird #jerryreed @ Kansas City
clean	#Ebola Great and I thought the panic from bird flu was bad. I really ain't got time for that.
clean	#Ebola is a great metaphor for how #GOP #teaparty policies eat off of vital organs until the host dies. #Tcot #teabaggers
clean	#ExplainAnAnimePlotBadly Boy with a monkey tail grows up to the the savior of a futuristic yet old earth
vulgar	#FACT Kanye is best when a good piece of pussy fucks him over
vulgar	#Fact females that tweet ALL the dayum day r hoes that need attention #ijs #wontgetme
clean	#FemaleLogic is worse than the jig, I'm convinced
clean	#FireCashman Why?? Because I am having to root for the Royals in October. #Yankees
vulgar	#FreeElChapo is trending?! why cus French Montana's bitch ass?? you fucks that think selling drugs is cool are the LAMEST POSERS!!
vulgar	#FreeballoutPartyPart3 bitch it's going! 3 mo weeks
vulgar	#FreshmanAdvice and if you ain't a hoe get up out my traphouseeeeeeee
clean	#Glory Isaiah Mom asked me if I wanted a brownie I said, no thanks She said what are fasting,
clean	#HOLIDAYSEASONLIVE Shy Glizzy Feat Plies - FREE THA GANG:
clean	#HappyColumbusDay !!!! If is wasn't for #America.................#KarlMarx would never have thought of sharing #colonialism with #injuns !!!
clean	#HappyColumbusDay .....hate to sound all #PETA callous and all........but #buffalo had it a LOT WORSE than the #injuns..........
vulgar	#Havok is one bad bitch wouldn't wanna mess with her #TNA IMPACT
clean	#HellYeah #No Happy Fall! Pumpkin Spice Oreos are here
clean	#HelloBrookland! We're here at the opening! Serving free samples of cider, vegan sliders, brownies!
clean	#HolySpirit Joshua 1:3 Every place that the sole of your foot shall tread upon, that have I given unto you, as I said unto Moses.
vulgar	#HonestyHour in middle school hoes used to call me a Mandingo warrior
vulgar	#IDontHaveTimeFor Ratchet hoes.
vulgar	#IHopeSomeday that these hoes just find their own relationship instead of ruining others
vulgar	#IStandWithRand Wise up RINO pussies, real leaders like Rand, Cruz, Lee, Bachmann etc. actually exist. Fight or go home. #TeaParty
clean	#IU 8 straight nation #college soccer champions! Wow! #hoosiernation #hoosiers
clean	#IU should make me an honorary student, id be way cooler than the other international students. i have my own football card! #hoosiers
vulgar	#IfThePurgeWasReal I'd be the best prostitute and madam EVER. Hey, if you got pussy, you shouldn't be broke, right? LMAO JK
vulgar	#IfWeDate i eat da pussy better than a lesbian.
vulgar	#InMiddleSchool i was fat as hell and was a band faggot. Thank god i played sports after 6th grade and didnt stay in band
clean	#IndigenousPeoplesDay .........right. Because these #redskins had a lot of #queens, right? nomg. #sofunny
vulgar	#IndigenousPeoplesDay HAHA!!! You fuckin retarded commies!!!!! Hunter Biden loves snortin that PYGMIE FAIRY DUST don't he? #liberals
clean	#Iraq gov troops were handed a severe defeat by #ISIS at Saqlawiya -- there's chatter of over 300 soldiers lost Jihadis raving about it
vulgar	#KanyeShrug lol Thots be like only great thing these bitches can offer
vulgar	#Lingo so A1 niccas be Tryn talk like me
vulgar	#MentionADislike hoes thinkin they bad even if they are I will tell her bitch calm down u average
vulgar	#MessageToMyFutureSpouse u better cook and clean for me bitch. Ill give u all my money but I ain't cleanin no dishes and makin my own plate.
vulgar	#MyUnpopularOpinion Spanish bitches suck dick by 11 and have babies by 15 because they're already fine and dressing slutty.
vulgar	#NL Q.U.E.E.N. And reminded: I still don't get why Janelle Monae is so perplexed that people think she's queer...
clean	#NP Centuries ~FOB
vulgar	#NationalCatDay ...sure. Celebrate over 1 BILLION bird deaths and blame it on #climatechange you fuckin #commies.
clean	#Natitude? Okay. I'm only going to say it once. COMB yer BEARDS. #lol #wiggers
clean	#NowPlaying : BT feat. Tori Amos - Blue Skies (radio edit) on #1069TheArrow -
clean	#NowPlaying : Great White - Once Bitten Twice Shy on #1069TheArrow -
clean	#NowPlaying : Ian Hunter - Once Bitten Twice Shy on #1069TheArrow -
clean	#NowPlaying : The Doors - The WASP (Texas Radio and the Big Beat) on #1069TheArrow -
vulgar	#OOMEF had that YEAH!!... i kno she pussy whipped that other nigga into putting a ring on it....
vulgar	#OnlyInAMichaelMyersMovie bitch is running a hundred meter dash on this niqqa WHOS ACTUALLY TAKING HIS TIME WALKING u still get killed
clean	#PDPLive is on November 10th. Get your early bird tickets from
clean	#PacerNation 4/4 on the road! Perfect way to continue after #iubb have finished #NBA #Pacers #indiana #hoosiers
vulgar	#PeopleToAvoid Valerie Jarrett, so I control my reflex to bitch slap her.
vulgar	#PeopleWhoMadeMy2013 my little brother and i hate to admit it but and he knows why. but he's still a lil bitch though. fuck you!
vulgar	#QTNA How y'all bitches gon breast feed wit nipple rings?
vulgar	#QuestionIAskMySelf why should I be slapping this hoe tuh solve something, ima leave it alone..............I never usually listen to myself
clean	#RadioFreeNorthwest 218 Covington reads responses mocks FBI, Andy on Real Politics, Liv on her awakening, Gretchen
vulgar	#RayRice is a bitch. #JustSaying
vulgar	#RayRice is still a bitch. got this one wrong. Women fans should be livid! #NoExcuses
vulgar	#ReasonsWhyWeDontGetAlong You're a hoe. Stop focusing on sucking dick, focus on getting rich
vulgar	#RebelScience ......ITS ABOUT SHARING #whaddup #clouds. It not about hogging the #windturbines like a fuckin gasbag son of a bitch.....
clean	#RedSox, focus on the #Orioles that knocked you out last year, and not your hatred of the #Yankees for um-teen years! LOL!
vulgar	#Remake with #granny DCYOUNGFLY Dirtymoney24 #TeamIgnat #HoodComedy damn that bitch a BAB!!!! that's a Big ...
clean	#Royals 2-1!! Fantastic. Ready for tomorrow's sweep of the disposed O's. #Yankees 4ever except this month.
clean	#Royals Milwaukee let Yost go.Now they wished they hadn't cause they suck.How about now.He's the guy win or lose. Yankees fire Girardi Yost
clean	#RuinAComedian Charlie Lapdance
vulgar	#RuinADessert Fairy Queen. nomg I fucked #Obama panties again...............
vulgar	#Shoutout to everybody that follow a nicca!!
vulgar	#Shoutout to my #Exit47 niccas! #Salute
vulgar	#Shoutout to my #MackTown niccas!
vulgar	#Shoutout to my exit 47 niccas! #RealNiccaSalute
vulgar	#SignsOfCockBlockin ---- Niggahs telling hoes I'm down talking them just so I can't get on #FuckNiggahs
clean	#Skating is for trash.
vulgar	#SplashGang on you pussy n%a'z ay i tried to tell n%a'z!!!
clean	#StopWhitePeople 9 cases of West Nile virus infections reported in Orange County this year; 105 dead birds found carrying virus
clean	#TBT love you forever ling ling
clean	#THEBOONDOCKS at 10:30 my nicca!
clean	#TRUTH David is the Charlie Brown of #Scandal
vulgar	#That son of a bitch moment when you finally get in bed and your bladder decides its time to piss
vulgar	#That son of a bitch moment when you turn the radio on and your favorite song is on but its the end of the song
vulgar	#That son of a bitch moment when your walking through your house in the dark and stub your little toe on the wall
vulgar	#ThatFuckMeMoment when you leave your car windows down and it rains in your car and looks like hurricane katrina ran through that bitch
vulgar	#TheMostAnnoyingThingsInLife people who are NEVER happy and bitch-n-moan 100% of the time.
vulgar	#ThingsNotToDoOnAFirstDate give her all da dick U gotta half stroke da pussy bc if u dump dick on dat bitch she gon become extremely anoyin
vulgar	#TjohnGang lil bitch follow me !
vulgar	#ToMyFutureSon You can fuck dem hoes but you better not love dem hoes.
vulgar	#TweetLikeYourBestfriend I made out with 3 bitches!
vulgar	#UMightNotGetIn fucc nicca #BeerandTacOS #WeTheLastOnesLeft
clean	#WeAreRepublicNotRegime #POTUS BO violated USA sovereignty w/open border/Jihadis/criminal/diseased/Haitians/S.Americans #ImpeachObama
clean	#WhatImCraving Peanut Butter Oreos 3
vulgar	#WhatWouldYouChangeAboutYourPast the hoes I wasted time with
vulgar	#WhyIHateInstagram it can make a bitch cheat up to four points on the scale of 1 to 10
clean	#WorldSeriesGame3 Hunter Pence is so annoying he should be a Red Sox player. Shave fool and take your Vyvanse#Yankees 2015!!
clean	#Yankees
clean	#Yankees #FireCashman I don't want Arod back.
clean	#Yankees #Jeter Let him play the entire inning. That's fitting.
clean	#Yankees #SEC Robertson in. Guy is fantastic. SEC pitcher!!
clean	#Yankees 3, #Astros 0: McCarthy outduels Keuchel in series finale
clean	#Yankees 6-0. Nine straight hits. Price... Not your night.
clean	#Yankees Damn you DirectTv blackout the Yankee game. With a freaking WALK OFF! You're killing me satellite douche.
clean	#Yankees Damn. Well Joe that move to the bullpen really helped.
clean	#Yankees I ain't complaining about the Royals win or lose game7. They showed heart. AL ride or die! No flex zone. They earned it!
clean	#Yankees I went to Golds with Cruz in 2010 when he was a Sound. No upper /lower body strength.. Hmm now 40 HR hitter. Won't say the S word.
clean	#Yankees If Royals have a fire sale. I want the whole team!! Leave Gardner and Tanaka. The rest can please go. Along with Joe and Cash.
clean	#Yankees Nice bounce back Kay. Gotta keep this going!
clean	#Yankees Pineda needed that 67. Great play!
clean	#Yankees Primo! Just got home and the Tanks are on MLB. Finally! And they are winning! Even better. Time to get serious, Sept call up time
clean	#Yankees got beaten by a thug
clean	#Yankees take all three games in MoTown, I'm callin it!!! #MLB
clean	#Yankees wasted Nuez's season #rays #mlb
vulgar	#YesWeDid .......start building #windturbines SO FUCKIN BIG they can kill a whole flock of birds in one go
vulgar	#YesWeDid .....tattoo our bitches to corrupt as many men as possible to #Egypt and being a #cattle #prod #vote
vulgar	#YouWillNotBeTakenSeriouslyIf you're proud to be white trash #KedollarSignHa
vulgar	#agreed There are a few badd ones but idk..mixxed bitches is really where its at tho
vulgar	#anywere LA = palm trees and great weather Any were else = horrible weather and no bitches
vulgar	#bad #ass #local #bitches
vulgar	#boom bitches
vulgar	#bslfe in this bitch #PullUp 40st and Washington space A-80
vulgar	#creamteam leaving hoes w #cockbreath
clean	#drunk #trash #trashed #wasted @ The Draught Horse
vulgar	#faggots KILLED #jesuschrist HELLO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! But whatever. Go ahead. #gaymarriage yourself into #Pharaoh's pockets
clean	#foxnews cuts away when a Democrat talks and claim to be fair and balanced. LMAO network full of #teabaggers and liars.
clean	#gouache #inktober #oldpainting #mt #tiki #wahine #surf #monkey #bright #happysunday #peace wishing
vulgar	#honestyhour we don't love these hoes
vulgar	#honeybadger bitch
clean	#hoosier fans, is cody zeller nominating for this years #NBA draft? #iubb
vulgar	#illNeverUnderstandWhy anyone from Jersey Shore is famous. I should go be a guido shitbag if it means money for my family.
vulgar	#inktober #twentysix #gouache #mt snappy pappy and his bitch 3.5x2.5 good thing sable paintbrushes
clean	#inners Still hanging in. #Yankees we need this win. NFL. It's not SUNDAY!!
clean	#iubb #1 suiting up again tonight! #Indiana #IU #ncaa #hoosierdaddy #HoosierNation #hoosiers
vulgar	#klokus this bitch has his nose pierced
vulgar	#longhair don't care got my #gayboyproblems everywhere, I'm a #bitch I'm a #champ, I'm totally full of
clean	#metal only, honkies!
vulgar	#morningjoe prove him wrong righties! Liberals use facts cons use emotions to make decisions. Facts be damned should be the teabagger motto
clean	#mt #commission #gouache #tiki #wahine #monkey #tubed #surfing #wavesliding #waterwalker #notkook
clean	#mt #goauche #monkey #oldpainting #vinyl #jazz #lounge
clean	#mt browngal #gouache #monkey #tiki
vulgar	#nationaldoughnutday bitch GET AT ME
vulgar	#nowplaying witcha bitch pussy pussy inda hood ona sofa.wit plastic on it
clean	#np Shy Glizzy - Awwsome (Remix) (Feat. 2 Chainz A$AP Rocky) via .
vulgar	#oomf can get it but I'm chilling till da bitch hit me up
vulgar	#pause but niggas is bitches tho Boy niggaz b so bitch made u cud kiss em n da mouth!!
clean	#philhughes #nyy better then UR whole team
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Anal | Anal gaping tranny play panty nylon part
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Anal | BBC Anal creampie bitch
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Anal | Blonde tranny ass fucked
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Anal | Hardcore british queer anal pounding
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #BBW | Brazilian BBW Babe Drilled in pussy and ass
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Babe | ebony babe pussy
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Beach | Caught a girl rubbing her pussy in nude beach
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #BigTits | Cute preggie slut big tits plays with swollen pussy
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Close Up | Another pussy close up
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #CloseUp | Squirting pussy and fingered asshole
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #CloseUp | amateur pussy player milf close up
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #CloseUp | cumshot on beauty pussy closeup
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #CloseUp | pussy fuck close up
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #CreamPie | Young Japanese girls hairy cunt cre
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Desi | Spicy Oriental Paki Brunette sucks an un
clean	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Desi | paki
clean	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Desi | paki
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Ebony | ebony texas bbw with big deep pussy
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Erotic | Erotic and wild tits and pussy fucking
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Facial | Blonde tranny whore gets rammed and facialized
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Fisting | Dude fists his wifes big pussy
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Fisting | More lovely sounds of fisting a loose pussy
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Fisting | Whipped Cream Fisting
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Hairy | 21 year old hairy pussy cumming on fingers
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Hairy | Hairy Florence shoves a dildo in her hairy red pussy
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Hairy | Hairy pussy
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Hairy | hairy pussy
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #HandJob | Hand job and cum on rubber pussy
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #HiddenCams | Amateur boy fucking bitch hiddencam
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #HiddenCams | Candid pussy shots from a hidden c
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #HomeMade | Home made. My wife rubbing her pussy
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #HomeMade | Using my submissive bitch outdoor. Home made amateur
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Italian | my baby pussy
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Japanese | Pretty young Japanese girls hot cunt fucked c |
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Japanese | Young Japanese girls hairy cunt creampied
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Korean | korean girlfriend pussy
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Latina | Latina chick gets her pussy pumped
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Latina | Latina mature Big pussy
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Latina | Latina with tight pussy
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Lesbian | Lesbian girl eating pussy
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Lingerie | Bitch in lingerie getting her wet cunt pounded
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Masturbation | A very hot black tranny is mastu
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #OldYoung | Old bitch pleases hot-looking young stud
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #OldYoung | german milf getting young and old cock in her pussy
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #SmallTits | Small tits ghetto whore fucking with not her stepdad
clean	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #Teen | Cutie lesbian teens toy slits
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #XXX | Hairy Alicia Silver Tinslee Reagan hairy pussy |
vulgar	#porn,#android,#iphone,#ipad,#sex,#xxx, | #XXX | homemade pussy eating
clean	#portlandia #putabirdonit The Xbox One would be so much cooler if they put a bird on it
vulgar	#real Don't tell me if my gf was a hoe before me, if I'm happy.
vulgar	#realtalk if you a hoe an try to get serious with someone don't expect to be anything more then a piece of meat to them
clean	#redneck tow truck. #johndeere #4455 #america
clean	#rejectedpeanutsspecials Its The Grape Crackhead, Charlie Brown!
clean	#southcarolina has a highschool graduation rate near 50% and that's why they have so many uninformed #teabaggers #morningjoe
clean	#stateoftheunion would last 15mins if they let the President talk all that standing up clapping is for the birds
vulgar	#tbt me being a bad bitch
clean	#tbt my precious gook baby
vulgar	#tbt to when i used to be good at rapping...now ima bitch
clean	#tbt when i took my likkle monkey jimmys
clean	#teabagger state like mississippi opposed to minimum wage, child labor laws, unions, is pro-scab, sweatshop work - pretty much #SLAVERY.
vulgar	#throwback to being bitches drinking Mikes bc we sucked
clean	#tikiti - rough mock for the base of what will eventually be an ashtray @ Tiki Ti
vulgar	#truefriendtuesday my bitch
vulgar	#tweetlikelexi Nah we not gonna sit down we gonna walk it out bitch.
vulgar	#ultimatepickupline bitch get naked. Works 10 times out of 10 if she's drunk :)
clean	#uppers loving the show this morning. Chris is directing the conversation beautifully. Make the teabaggers talk!
vulgar	#vegas #bitch
vulgar	#wallofthewasatch bitch!
vulgar	#wcw all the bad bitches
vulgar	#wcw bitch
vulgar	#wrongfilmquotes ..everytime I come in the kitchen you in the kitchen, in the goddamn refrigerator. Eatin up all the pussy
vulgar	#xfactorau sick of guys who sing like pussies. Where are the rock type men?
vulgar	#youaremoreattractive if u a real bitch!
vulgar	$100 bid to go on a date with Zack Morris oh that dreamy son of a bitch
vulgar	$3 bud Lites and $4 well shots at the bar tn, plus I'm giving away a trip to Las Vegas. So if you're not a cunt come visit me at Bourbon St
vulgar	$60 torch down the drain cause either I was to high and lost it or one of my niggas finessed that hoe fuckkkkk ittt
clean	Killer line? Josh Smith dropped a killer trash talk line on Kenneth
vulgar	A piece of pussy
vulgar	I love salad Anyway fuck you hoes, eat a salad.
clean	plus Sheryl crow
vulgar	Every bitch n my passenger seat I dun fucked at least one time
clean	= its true that the early bird.. gets the worm first!
vulgar	dirty whore. I love you. but you a hoe. but I love you. Jesus is watching.
vulgar	This hoe got a school shirt on sucking dick
vulgar	A lotta fck niggas on this here Twitter. Really be talking like bitches.
vulgar	These bitches started shooting at my party. Fuck New Orleans
vulgar	bitches giving back rubs ?
vulgar	never been a coon grew up with bokoo coons tho but never was 1 I did some coon shit tho
vulgar	Nigga was smashing his hoe, had his hoe paying for a condo and he still with her Yep Fucboy
vulgar	#GuiltyPleasure watching niggers fight on YouTube/Vine/IG
vulgar	Don't like me ??? Have a with the rest of the bitches waiting for me to give a fuck
vulgar	I'd rather be called nigger than a uncle tom or a mark
vulgar	Bet y'all bitches was deaf to MC Lyte's words about being treated like a queen huh
clean	hi-ho
vulgar	One'a y'all b!tches gon end up dead over a screen shot thinkn that sh!t funny...ain't too many niccas gon laugh at that b!
vulgar	congrats you've turned a hoe into a housewife, don't get shitty when your guys start singing they hit it first. #ButThatsNoneOfMyBusiness
vulgar	got ur bitch tip toeing on my marble floors.......
vulgar	- omg just thinccin of you makes me laugh, we use to STAY talking shit in 3rd period, you cute, you my bitch
vulgar	you needa stop sucking dick hoe
vulgar	OMG LIL B FOLLOWED ME YASSSS bitch he follow everybody shut yo ass up
vulgar	hop off hoe. Come on !!!
vulgar	- lmao my nigga . Let's go half on a weed brownie we will be laughing hard as hell in senior seminar
vulgar	if you ain't a ho get up out my trap hooouseee.
vulgar	- ugh bitch I love you that A S S your just simply FLAWLESS I remember when you cute a peice of your hair hella short
vulgar	pussy ride dick like she a Jamaican / \ / \ . */. |. ~ ! . | \ $. / \ ; ) *
vulgar	on the pussy
vulgar	Loyal pussy .
vulgar	my bitch
vulgar	is the most important thing. All this temporary bullshit and lies is fa the birds. Kill that !
vulgar	Gucci b having me on my rude shit Lol that's not nice that bitch aint worth a quarter
vulgar	Mimi too old to be covering her titties during sex bitch you childish
vulgar	bruh these hoes gotta be stupid.
vulgar	SOMEBODY GONNA DIE theres a bitch on NJT setting up a lean as we tweet
vulgar	Y'all have boring sex. Nope.. I lick the side of my bitch face when I'm hittin it from the back
vulgar	Of course cooder's nudes are trash. She lives in the DMV what did you expect? .
vulgar	My stomach in pain like a mufucka This the nigga that's rating bitches 3/10?
vulgar	bitches get stuff done.
clean	maaaaannnn i hope so! did we get rid of John Legend looking Charlie Batch?
clean	mike calls me t-bird
vulgar	niggas sending screenshots of me to they bitches like stop texting cuh
vulgar	this white bitch think she miley cyrus
vulgar	i seen a thot ass bitch in some high top whites
vulgar	Nicca gotta team full of worsum hoes
vulgar	this hoe just DM'd me sayin never give up in your dreams...fuckin fortune cookie ass hoe, fuck out my DM's
vulgar	When a dyke get pregnant by mistake
vulgar	bitch i know you got games on your phone
vulgar	bitch my lrt
vulgar	burnt pussy lips
vulgar	nah if you round me you do Molly Only bitches with no nigga do Mollies...
vulgar	played that nigga smh bitches are so shady... oh my god
vulgar	No bitch go away tu puta madre
vulgar	bitch was mad af
vulgar	I hate you! Cyrus ho is a rookie slut. getting the cash after the date? nope nope nope.
vulgar	when you're trying to relax but your pussy is shooting out light beams
vulgar	Murda out here sucking bitches #howDhow?
vulgar	bitch if you're the hobbit you need to let me know right now
vulgar	these folks so bad. I'm just here to talk trash.
vulgar	brittany bitch u my dog man
vulgar	smh bitch sellin her ass
vulgar	That pussy is just.... imma assume she just had a baby like..the day before
vulgar	you a faggot if you eat pork chops.
vulgar	McNair had brisket sizzlin on the grill when his side hoe laid the Uzi game down
vulgar	Mexican bitches shaped like silly puddy!
vulgar	You a hoe if ya grandma got a tattoo.
vulgar	cheap hair.. cheap dresses.. cheap shoes.. tacky ass little bitches
vulgar	My fucking god bruh, the birds from southridge are in front of my house.
vulgar	I have to explore the pussy out there
vulgar	Lmfao WTF kinda pussy my mom think I got, buying this shit.
vulgar	Hood hoes love Harrell football team
vulgar	bucket Trash All you bitches is my SONS
vulgar	I hate when people get on my bad side cause I honestly don't like to act like a bitch
vulgar	On a leash Just pussy
clean	we snap chatted for one night lol. But you're cute. Snapchat me back nig
vulgar	- your my BFFL. I love you ya funcy bitch I went Finna be faded shaded on ya C Day #WEDEMGIRLZ
vulgar	#yep #donttryme #bitch #bitchmode #testme #Truth #trust
clean	i guess ill just trash this drawing because of roster changes...
vulgar	haahaa ,dumb bitch
vulgar	Still can't see what niggers see in them white hoes.... don't do this everrrrrr
clean	my nerves are being worked cos of my monkey
vulgar	so many pretty bitches coming to my birthday dinner
vulgar	niggers Before any moves are made... my black ass must take a nap!
vulgar	Every week them hoes partying ! I see them hoes in every city partying for an event
vulgar	#ACTRIST U bitches tripping smh
vulgar	you've been a good as friend to me , glad I got your honkie ass. Let's fuck shit up this year
vulgar	I hate ya bitch ass
vulgar	So the new wave is bitches wearing mini shovels on their hand
vulgar	cunt
clean	monkey mad
vulgar	bitches they get bat or sumn *ak voice*
vulgar	damn roaches got dicks n pussy to be doing this lol???
vulgar	swear to God bitch I'm bouta delete my twitter account
vulgar	My Co worker talking about what's my twitter name Oh no hoe you could never screen shot me to the boss
vulgar	Fox8 got dem bitches huh!
vulgar	this fucking bitch Rachel needs to die please
vulgar	ugly bitches get no love
vulgar	I be thinkin Errbody wanna give me some pussy!
vulgar	Yass bitch Yass Too soon?
vulgar	When you wake up to bae being a hoe on the TL
vulgar	But wait if he got a ole lady and still quenching yo girl is he a unfaithful water fountain for hoes?!?!
vulgar	Y'all be tweakin wit that WCE shit. Ain't no way in hell u like that bitch every single day.
vulgar	Welp The prettier bitch usually loses lol this Is science
vulgar	Niggaz get free pussy off of bounce beats alone!
vulgar	Foh #IDGT Good pussy don't neva get tired!!!
vulgar	I swear Niggas use to step one foot off the bus and bitches would be like NEXTTTT
vulgar	Bae: go text your hoes Me:
vulgar	Brees been trash since this....
clean	At work imma real Uncle Tom!
vulgar	Nope Thts not wht it says here.. I'm not a hoe. I'm a people person
vulgar	that bitch is from Moreno Valley........
vulgar	I think all dem hoes on LAHHH regular....my co worker was messing with Omarion bm
vulgar	these hoes selfish
vulgar	Niccas y'all need lives, money, pussy, hobbies, or sum guidance ... Bunch of Petty miserable dick n a booty ass Boys ...
vulgar	Every girl got a #wcw and fake gay til it's time to eat sum pussy. But I'm not me lol
vulgar	Oh this bitch Midy must be crazy
vulgar	well damn.. When ya side hoe claims you as her boyfriend
vulgar	can y'all females let this sink in for min? Moment of silence to get y'all bitches thinking right?
vulgar	this vodka be having all the hoes bent over
vulgar	Y'all excited about that strip mall being built in Louisiana and Claiborne?? That bitch gone be in fiya!!!!
vulgar	Don't do em with my girl lol So when yall in threesomes does your girl eat the pussy too?
vulgar	Real Men eat pussy.
vulgar	I don't want my man txtn, tlkn, lookin, yet alone speakin to you hoes. I'm not insecure at ALL. y'all hoes CANT BE Trusted
vulgar	It amazes me how niggas can fuck w/ EVERY bitch but when a nigga try to talk to his bitch he wanna cry about it I need answers
vulgar	- you a little genius man i need you for a class so u can help a nig out but you cool af man
vulgar	Como se llama el nio ms delgado de Japn? Yocomo Poko gino
clean	lbum de fotos: csitaly: [TS3]Fairy Tail - Satan Soul Mirajane Strauss made with The Sims 3. Happy...
clean	Chillin With My Homie Or Whats Left Of Him: British Rapper Turned ISIS Jihadi Poses With Severed Head #tcot
vulgar	When people refer to their girlfriend as their bitch .... I know how it sounds but it's how we mean it lol
vulgar	Fuck east st john and all they fans, familys , friends Shut yo bitch ass up
vulgar	Had to unfollow that bitch .. thot bitch got me fired from Sonicshe must've tweeted
vulgar	My brother is a bitch, pussy, faggot, etc. you just like getting beat up don't you?
vulgar	If you got paid 2million dollars to eat a nugget of shit would u eat it? Smash that bitch
vulgar	Lol bitch funny, i was over you from the min i tossed your ass to the curb
vulgar	a bitch is all ears... My mama told me not to talk to bitches so...jk
vulgar	Bad breath ain't cute not even if you a so called bad bitch and it's usually cause by a shitty attitude unk ain't ever lied
vulgar	Denzy tryna hoe broski Izzy
vulgar	no more chunky nugs for you he doesn't even hook it up like that.
vulgar	Aye nigga, who tryna freestyle? You trash though lol
vulgar	Saw a homeless man sleeping in a box surrounded by bubble wrap. Must be his new alarm system. You aren't even FUNNY bitch
vulgar	This bitch is looking dumber and dumber by the minute....
vulgar	Even though Trunks was one of the main characters, Dragon Ball GT was lowkey weak weak Nothing lowkey about it.. Shit was trash
vulgar	omg yall should see this bag of weed dog this bitch like a .3 fasho lmfaooooo
vulgar	98% of women were sluts freshman year of college. Let these hoes be great
vulgar	Woaaaahh that coat though lolnigga too warm in that hoe
clean	Truth about any distance for all you love birds out there!
clean	Frogger, best game ever only cuz You suck at flappy bird
vulgar	Lmao Dylan just got called a pussy by Mr O himself takes skill
vulgar	So you still rather have trash ass Geno Smith than Alex?!? You sick man U still cant tell Alex sucks? You blind man
clean	Orton is trash idc he ain't been playing. Trashlex Smith only sat out Kaep took his spot.
vulgar	Watch: Prust tries to hit Hank during break play pussy attempt by a pussy #mtlhockey
clean	Adderall had me killing two birds with one stone
vulgar	Fucking pussy
vulgar	Fuck the cowboys. My birthday in two days hoe!
vulgar	Some of yall hoes nasty yall find out yall sharing or shared dick with a dirty ass female and still fuck the nigga
vulgar	Been watching madea plays every night singing ass bitches
vulgar	ion wanna hear it, then hoes faker than Momma Dee's teeth
vulgar	Ain't that a bitch
vulgar	I Want You To Be Pussy Whipped I'm yours
clean	Wtf is flappy bird are you kidding me
vulgar	Bro like I really enjoy like eating pussy from the back... It makes it more nasty, I like nasty haha you like eating ass 2
vulgar	Say Something is the one Drake song I have to listen to when I'm in my feelingsfag
vulgar	Every female owns a thong If she wear thongs she a hoe lol both facts
vulgar	I can't stop being a lil bitch
vulgar	Another Jersey fail - what a cunt -No pics needed. Animal. Dem coloreds be wack
clean	#Yankees Michael Pineda in his next start..
vulgar	is this flappy bird shit a joke or........... on the real tho
vulgar	Did I just start crying? bitch
vulgar	I hate girls who get drunk don't turn into hoes fvckin waste of alcohol
vulgar	Shout out to my momma cuz she didn't raise no hoe!
clean	I'm a mud shark because I have black friends. Makes perfect sense. #idiotic @
clean	An itsy bitsy teeny weeny yellow pock-a-dot bikini Polk Ashton. Polk
vulgar	Yes Iam single I don't mess or talk to anyone . no hoes just me
clean	just got a new fish it's albino and I named him shaquita #yee bahaha
vulgar	My Anaconda Don't My Anaconda Don't My Anaconda Don't Want None Unless You Got GOALS Hun Smh . White Ass niggah .
vulgar	I wish i had my dad in my life but the bitch ass nigga still think im not his child! LMFAOOOO but damn that's sad cuh !
vulgar	Hoes really do b birds man this new to you?
vulgar	bitch get out dem feelings and get some new dick
vulgar	My momma aint raise no hoe
vulgar	#BeatTheHabs #NYR #pussy
vulgar	SMDH Eagles fans. You a bitch! Hey Giants fans: Victor Cruz is over. Dance to that. Hey watch it
vulgar	cause i look great bitch, fuck you mean?
vulgar	I'm suppose to eat yo booty bitch wym
vulgar	I can't remember all the girls I've smashed On God.hoe shit Not technically, it takes .
vulgar	I cried like a bitch after my first breakup. Never loved again lol
clean	Michael Pineda hides pine tar...on his neck fact that the Yankees cheat Go Red Sox!! #Boston
vulgar	Chad Jordan in this bitch I'm crying
vulgar	Grandmas always b asking you Do you have a girlfriend??? No....I got hoes tf you mean real shit.
vulgar	bruh i'm telling you if she got zebra print bed sheets 9/10 she a hoe
vulgar	I have no hoes because yah nigga ain't shit
vulgar	Bitches love throwing that irrelevant shade go sit lil bitch .
clean	So they really deleted flappy bird from the App Store cus someone killed themselves over it foreal foreal ??
vulgar	Too many lil niggas on my TL. boosie got hoes
vulgar	I'll beat the pussy up, that's a hook right thur
clean	Rape? Cannibalism? You Won't Recognize The Original Versions Of These Fairy Tales man wtf
vulgar	Jose ur mean :/ I said ily stfu hoe
vulgar	girls are fucking retarded my back started cramping up man it's the double d's
vulgar	There's a difference between being actually crazy aspiring crazy real shit . I can't stand fake crazy bitches
vulgar	man I was bouta text all the bitches that ever told me that lmao you should
vulgar	First time with 3. Lol yuhhhh we hit that hoe!!
vulgar	u need to be in someone's church negro!ur absolutely right, but I work Sunday's but still no excuse.
vulgar	Police just tried to Rodney King a nigga...happen to my nig out here
vulgar	Vienna sausage clit I suck dat bitch. Dont yall eva believe a colored man dont eat no pussay
vulgar	lesbian pussy taste like rainbow trout! #lezzzbehonest
clean	Oxtails and yellow rice is blasphemy boneless
vulgar	What's the symptoms for Ebola? My stomach been hurting b. I'm nervousbitch you better not be we was drinking out same bottle
vulgar	There's starving children in Africa but this bitch using bananas to plug her butt hole smh wtf?
vulgar	I just wanna do something for somebodyboy sound desperate than hoe how you bout you start off and flat that nose of yours
vulgar	Hate an overly hood girl... Aye hoe... We not listening to Keef all night I feel you
vulgar	it's too early, don't annoy me don't come back from ya fun filled weekend and give me attitude hoe
vulgar	These hoes gon come go, i feel it.
vulgar	When life knocks you down, stand the fuck up and say You hit like a little bitch.
vulgar	Tweet how you #WatchLikeaKing. I #WatchLikeaKing fo da colored folk dying from dis shit food
clean	Whats going to be your pick for #SelectionSunday? #2for5 #WatchLikeaKing Dis make colored folk happy
vulgar	haha imma catch Ebola Trynna keep myself warm lol ewww bitch well stay far away from me
vulgar	Sum wrong with the pussy- Sweetssmh
clean	wasnt that great to me either Equalizer was trash Denzel officially washed bruhneither was flight
vulgar	you tweaking rich homie is trash you damn near still listen to lil b wow
clean	I get paid too chill. Share the wealth Lil nicca
vulgar	On some real shit if I catch this bitch it's game on.
vulgar	Y'all hoes messy on god !nbs
vulgar	LMAO Tempted to send this fuckin hoe lmao
vulgar	I wanna go to this lil shit tonight...but the way how bitches faces be set up ...I be wantin to slap em when I see them
vulgar	Kannie Vonnie some Tiny ass bitches I HATED when you and crissi started calling us little body bitches in Hawaii
clean	Two of the best Yankees Derek Jeter and Joe Torre #JoeTorreDay
vulgar	One wrong move and consider your bitch mine
vulgar	bitch what u gone say bitch for. We're on the phone bitch. Cuz to the let these Mfs know
vulgar	I really hate this bitch, but she knows me best
vulgar	I hate a bitch that like to argue n shyt....:-)
vulgar	you boney little hoe Smile for the day. This is funny? :/
vulgar	Viet-goddamn-nam, that's what happened! Go get me a beer, bitch!
vulgar	Got the carburetor foyer my #chevy c10 being rebuilt by my #redneck friend ... everybodys got one!! I need 1 they can build
vulgar	ur seriously a fagdon't hate
vulgar	stupid bitch!
vulgar	its Brandon motherfucking reason. He's a bitch nigga
vulgar	WAKA TAMMY JUST GOT HER ASS BEAT... Ctfu how Niggas be they don't ever have they bitch back
vulgar	If a bitch tweet I lose interest fast slide in her DMs cause she a Thot good looks
vulgar	Trying to run game on me u dumb bitch !! @ her tho
vulgar	I know I must make a lot of ya'll hoes sick all I can tell you hoes, get used to it bitch!
vulgar	I wouldn't trust a male cheerleader @ All cuz . Cimarron got one he got ALLLL the bitches
vulgar	I'm just a bitch for no reason. I think I'm funny sometimes
vulgar	if by marrying her to avoid paying child support is a win then yeah lolwe don't see the hoes the same that's ok
vulgar	one of your side chicks came up 5k them bitches know where I live I be hiding from my cuz
vulgar	you're right I'll take girl on the right over Kim any day u support that hoe?
vulgar	Fuck all the Heat bandwagon riders... We know who you are u sound like the hoes mad they man cheated with a fat booty bitch
vulgar	If Miley really got knocked up by Juicy J that shit is wild.... didn't he say u say no to ratchet pussy Juicy J can't
vulgar	If you have a different dude every other week you might be a hoe... #jsno your not don't listen to him ladies #DoU
vulgar	shit like this is retarded.
vulgar	Finally got a hot bitch to dance on me, came in my pants while she was grinding on me. Lost that chanceUW-Madisonlmao
vulgar	That one ex you can't seem to get over an is a cunt!!
vulgar	I'm tired of her corny vines, ugly faces, and stupid voices my nigga she's sexy
vulgar	lmfaoooo, bitch don't start. Okay bitch
vulgar	helloooo bitch?! Bitch no ones available
vulgar	upload our pictures. Wat pictures bitch
vulgar	Where the hoes at shit u got em
vulgar	bitch that's ham on her face
clean	heres to all the kids who have never found their name on anything in a souvenir store thanks mom for the ghetto name.
clean	And that's why mock drafts are a joke my friends.....Anyone???
vulgar	What to do after the game....home alone and nothing to do...someone come chill?:) maybe go swimm ima do ya bitch
vulgar	TONY ROMO in my #Top10QBs bitches
vulgar	I just wana eat some food. Drink some liq. Go to this party. And have a bad bitch waitin on a nigga when I return.
clean	Oreo cookies
vulgar	Black bitches turn 60 buy a hat and act like Jesus forgot they was fucking niggas in the park LOOOOOL
vulgar	Fuck driving stick, it's gay as fuck shit pussies say
clean	Tom Brady slowly becoming washed? Nah.. His weapons just trash
vulgar	If you aint got shit goin for ya self, what bitch gone want you
vulgar	yall bare hoes yall dnt care bout ?? I spent my childhood in a wild hood
vulgar	Im afraid of commitment -A hoe
vulgar	ppl who think webbie betta then boosie jus retarded
vulgar	Anybody that gets traded straight up for Brandon knight is trash
vulgar	Omarion ol girl w/ this negative ass vibe ! I hate mamas like her hoe need to be
vulgar	I like how thinks I'm talking to hoes..HELL NAH! Lol my bad I forgot you ain't got hoes like vdawg do
vulgar	I wish you were here... Stop crying bitch I'm omw back already haha
vulgar	Watching #AttackofTitan on bro you a HAN for stealing my tweet, bitch ass nigga
vulgar	Wassup twitter wassup bitch !!
vulgar	I ain't got no type, white bitches is the only thing that I like! #dead
vulgar	My dog like scratches at the floor before he lays down.. He's weird buddy's normal your weird bitch
clean	What will the Lakers be after kobe trash
vulgar	these hoes ain't loyal
vulgar	Why that hoe crying In her mugshot bruh
vulgar	All these hoes been passed around to a Cleveland niggah
vulgar	Hidey hidey hoe! White folk be all noyvous round coloreds
vulgar	You dont listen when I talk, maybe youll listen when I walk. That bitch still won't listen
vulgar	Crip bitches b dusty asf
vulgar	Buddy drug the whole train lmao good ... extra ass hoes hate them NY hoesme too
vulgar	now this hoe bad
vulgar	Reggie gives me headaches my niggah
vulgar	After you get done running train on a bitch thats on her period no that's nasty
vulgar	I'm on my Y.U shit using LinkedIn at work b lmfaoo bagging them linkiden hoes lol
vulgar	How bitch how ? FRESH?
vulgar	Malibus on a come-up but in other news she mean denna hoe and not even light skinedddd HAHAHA!!
vulgar	fck you nigger lol jk bra
vulgar	Dej loaf ever bitch wc today, all it takes is a lil juice and these bitches want you
vulgar	Lol good now I got them nasty rednecks off my back I can take care of business he serious
clean	Islamic State suspects in Indonesia are Chinese Uighurs Uighur Jihadis: they're not just a PRC tool.
vulgar	Ima whoop this boy! It's nothing you bean head ass bitch
vulgar	Hell naw. I wanna see this! yes! Loltrash as hell
vulgar	I saw a girl scratch her private today.. What that mean? Don't fuck her right in the pussy
vulgar	Killin in tekken 6 lies you trash
vulgar	I want to be obsessed with someone and I want someone to be obsessed with methen u might have to kill the bitch
vulgar	Up making plays can I have my slut bitch girlfriend u always rap about back yet?
vulgar	I'm fucking tired. Ending the night with some rips so much for hitting me up bitch
vulgar	If yo pussy stank ; u wasn't raised correctlylmao
vulgar	Phat pussy : looks like a scrotum
vulgar	Everybody entitled to they own opinion tho. Not that bitch she need to shut up sit the fuck down
vulgar	huge nips scary me they scary me too
vulgar	Mental Asylum in Dallas Texas, 1980s. should I go find this hoe?
vulgar	If I posted pics of everything I do in my life yall hoes would fall in love !don't kill em Channing
vulgar	53 200 lbs aint thick bitch, you a fucking warthog
vulgar	You fat bitches needa stop biting your lips when you take pictures. Y'all look hungry, not sexy.
vulgar	how bitches be looking the first day of school.
vulgar	LIGHTSKIN MF LMFAOOO ight white bitch lol
vulgar	And happy to be hoes too. Smh.better than being in denial
vulgar	All the seniors young side hoes gonna be at graduation like
vulgar	Realist bitch to ever step foot on a soccer field every team has a bitch like this
vulgar	When the nigga with the aux cord playin some trash shit
vulgar	bitch in the middle look like a daddy long leg
vulgar	how black bitches drive when they song come on
vulgar	All y'all some fucking coons
vulgar	Ain't my gf you lil nigguh stfu glory be to GOD then lmfaooooooo
vulgar	What these bitches want from ah nigga
vulgar	If Beyonce Kim Kardashian have no problem sucking their mans dick then you average looking broke bitches shouldn't neither
vulgar	if u say ur a mermaid it obviously means ur pussy is fishy
vulgar	I'm Dre's a bitch tho
vulgar	Oh my dogs pussy is so tight, time to loosen it .
vulgar	When you go down to eat the pussy and it smells tangy
vulgar	Ima just block you hoes out!or block em either one lol
vulgar	It's my dogs birthday you should get it a bad bitch #punny
vulgar	find a loyal ho
clean	Lakers really trash.
vulgar	fag but Tony :(
vulgar	Bored as hell. Shoulda answered my phone calls bitch i rather be bored.
vulgar	You gotta fuck every race just to see which dick/pussy you like the best. thot
vulgar	I couldn't hit a woman with a penis and pussy, I don't care how sexy or rich she is
vulgar	shit where you from Baltimore... Man them hoes fine crazy
vulgar	Smoke good weed with a bad bitch
clean	Name something trash Cavs
vulgar	Can't a bitch living say I brought her MICHAEL Kors we need more guys like you
vulgar	for all the bad bitches out there go have some fun
vulgar	I hope my future wife, who ever she might be, is sleeping or studying instead if being a hoe right now nigga shutcho asss up
vulgar	I'm sorry I offended you when I called you a bitch, I honestly thought you knew.
vulgar	Lmao lexy such a hoe lmfaooo
vulgar	Eat her pussy nd look at her like this
vulgar	FML My period on ! Can't pop that pussy now huh?
vulgar	Homecoming in 2 days Bet u didn't even have a date bitch, I just went and say in the corner
vulgar	They be hating on my girl tho, but they wish they was the bitch they hating this song go
vulgar	Bout to get a breasts reduction these bitches be in the wayso serious
vulgar	Can I bring anotha bitch or nah
clean	Golden Oreos regular Oreos YES!!!
clean	Oreos are basically dirt circles with cream. True.
vulgar	Damn this bitch always gets hit on by The hottest guys n makes them feel stupid i got called an ego kill
vulgar	lmao I minds well be a hoe for all that I ain't mean like that girl lol
vulgar	lmao definitely not I was bout to say don't front bitch that shit a freeway
vulgar	no bitch hurry up lolim so hungry I can't focus
vulgar	ohhhhh yes bitch yesssu ready T?
vulgar	woke up and bitches was not here lolI wasn't angry wit my hoes
vulgar	Ima show my ass tonight, I can feel it omgggg I was thinking the same shit bitch
vulgar	A lot of women who claim they are yellow are actually red, color blind mother fuckas I'm yellow tho
vulgar	J Cole is trash. I've been saying this for years. Fuck him Lol.
clean	where am I on this rating scale??? Depends. You still wearing them colored contacts or naw?
vulgar	Bout to ride my horse, to come fuck yo bitch.Ooh @ em tho
vulgar	When y'all hoes going to learn how to spell
vulgar	coolin my nig ( voice) uhhee ( laugh)
vulgar	Yeah you played me, Yeah you got what you wanted. But jokes on you, You about to be a daddy bitch.
vulgar	Honesty is all I ask for you ugly then a hoe then
vulgar	Bouta let Banko kno, I'm goin be a Ronneagle bitch
vulgar	When hoes feel like their photo didnt get enough favorites that's me thirsty ass
vulgar	done w. All these fuck niggas snip snip hoe stfu
vulgar	Bol that called the girl a bitchOharrd coo I'm both of them tho
vulgar	Wow, putting a whole manifesto up using TwitLonger. And by a Canadian. Hey hoser....how many will you adopt?
clean	Kit Kat brownies. making.
clean	Bruh Trent took the yellow path
vulgar	because I thought Jay Z would hit her yeah he is known for sockin a bitch or 2
vulgar	Good pussy have a Nigga like funniest thing I've ever seen on my tl
vulgar	Yall so fuckin trash yo!!! man them niggas gonna win the skins trash
vulgar	I should be the Global Ambassador of SOMETHING!!! I put ppl on des nuts hoe ahh nigga
vulgar	Boutta walk out on these hoes
vulgar	these bitches bound to get hurt, cause a lotta these niggas be playinhell yeah
vulgar	lol what else do we have in common nigga hate sleeping in the heat summer is for the birds
vulgar	null bruh they both alive thats hans bitch who died Oh well FBD
vulgar	This hoe waited until she got 45 to make a sextape chile.. OH MY LORD
vulgar	I'm rich...... (Dave Chappelle voice) signed #MLB PED users. Say bitch you pussy
vulgar	bitch get outta here dumb ass lmao
vulgar	wulf bitch thank you
vulgar	Liking all my pictures to get a follow ass bitches
clean	i need more beaniesjust ordered two true religion ones lol
vulgar	I might fuck around and fuck yo bitch eat her ass when your steal her so you'll be a real ass nigga
vulgar	This weather need to not flag today! We trying to 50 zip a bitch tonight yessssirrrrr
vulgar	The day you unblock me you will become a man again. But that won't happen so you just a bitch. lol
vulgar	dreamgirl McKee Ooh! Bet you wooonnnttt stick dat hoe
vulgar	Sleep over with guys doesn't mean we gonna fuck. TRUST ME you're a bitch for denying them pussy
vulgar	You the Real MVP that's wat ya bitch said when I finished
vulgar	Burnt pussy lips - gal in the blue throwing it
vulgar	The bad bitches are only bad until they start talking anyway. He Preaching
clean	Uncle Charlie just got thru lip singing?!haha
clean	When twitter rappers dm me their trash links
clean	Lance Stevenson gone leave Indiana he trash anyway
vulgar	50 with 30 hoes on my dick #sweg you have learned from the best
clean	A lot of them are though. Attitudes be pure trash #TeamWhiteGirls #SwirlTheWorld
vulgar	Sit in there and shit dnt sing hoe . noyess
vulgar	Y though really hoe? really? U the dummy taking a pic
vulgar	When I'm in that pussy, honey I'm home!
vulgar	Sexy bitch, hope she bout it
clean	Where do all the foreskins go when they circumcise a guy? the Foreskin Fairy takes them after you put them under your pillow
vulgar	Yall are so confused these days. somebody put that hoe in a dress
vulgar	a majority of my news feed is people arguing about what it means to be a redneck #vermontproblems
vulgar	You can be a hoe without having sex, ask any of the girls texting alotta niggas at the same time.
vulgar	I'm a pro at losing followers. Some people just can't handle my excessive use of the work cunt. Mines cause I say fuck
vulgar	Repost . kush blunt convos?? A simple minded ho made this pic I bet
vulgar	If I couldn't trust some of the homies how could I trust these hoes?you can't lol
clean	Brah Wiz cheated she had hair like a dyke..... Uh.. Duh?
vulgar	These hoes out of control
clean	If Howard elbow bosh, will bosh fight back? don't have to got mcbob bird and UD
vulgar	Im drunk, I'm bout to bitch.need a ride?
vulgar	Versace Versace, I talk shit on twitter and so that bitch blocked me
vulgar	Ginobli dropping them bitches like a Delta line.
vulgar	Clingy girlfriends are the best Stop lying to these hoes bro.. That shit annoying
vulgar	Eliot was a pussy. MMMMMETHER
vulgar	My bitch bad she's a Puerto Rican what song is that
vulgar	pretty boy face Awee thanks faggot
clean	An inning and a half away from Alex Rodriguez being eligible to play. Just a thought. #Yankees #MLB OMG. Feel an ulcer.
vulgar	We out! Brooklyn bound wit this money. Feelin like Yung Jeezy in this bitch! LMAOOOO
vulgar	bitch ima shake til I can't nomo
vulgar	fuck you ugly lol show them teeth bitch fuck u
vulgar	lol , be cool son. You know your grandma bald mouthshe got all her teeth hoe
vulgar	mo bitch the special Ed Darlene from backatown GN
vulgar	they can't fit on that small ass street sonbitch you know what happen last time we was onyur st
vulgar	Going dumb on this essay bitch you sad.
vulgar	I fucked up in the 6th gradeyeah bitch you wants to fight me with yo dawg ass
vulgar	Yall on my TL need to be sleep yall got school tomorrow bitch I got straight A's ion need to go
vulgar	i dont een tryna be disrespectful when i say bitch. its just a term, like bruh or son
vulgar	you not gone leave hoe
vulgar	the next time I see this bitch I'm beating her ass. job or not. lol
vulgar	fuck up bitch get out mi house
vulgar	Bad bitches is the only thing that I like
vulgar	it aint bundles soooo nopeit is bitch she happy hosting
vulgar	No yu can't get no money yu silly hoe...
vulgar	These Niggaz bitches hiding behind gangs they ain't in
vulgar	DONT Say Shit Else ! Just Stfu !bitch we can do a lot more off this Twitter shit you can come see me
vulgar	Niggas talk more then bitches these days
vulgar	You little stupid ass bitch i ain't fuckin with you
vulgar	i aint gone lie old heads say they see it in me so i figured nah you just retarded
vulgar	lmao Aero sound young af talking bout hoes n weed n shit brah you gotta listen to this shit
vulgar	Niggas over 62 with long ass monkey arms make the best cuddle buddies....so I heard ahaha a female told me this once
vulgar	Sometimes I hate AZ sometimes I love it. Depends on the time of year I guess. the dumb bitches that live here
vulgar	or he's eating it cuz he's with a women who just can't cook then u gotta get rid of that hoe
vulgar	I'm going to miss these bitches so much far right she resting on ol girl booty y'all funny as shit
vulgar	You was with the bitch with the fat ass only way to live when u young that shit gonna get old tho and have a lot of dents in it
vulgar	Marcus bitch ass ain't loyal at all! Team hopping ass !!!
vulgar	Hoe fax = type yo bitch number in google to see if it pops up on back pagE thank
vulgar	I was told never fold never sell my soleThey Should Have Told Yu Stay In School ! *Soul autocorrect hoed me
vulgar	bitch U TRIED IT . U deserved every foul word that came out Chris mouth bye hoe
vulgar	One last shot at this love shit then I'm dogging you hoes #Drakelistener
vulgar	negro, you wear a size 5...I'm in a 12I'm at a 6 now still growing
vulgar	what's good, family?in the gym looking at hoes hit u later
clean	When you open your starburst candy and get 2 yellows lmao bruh
vulgar	Birthday Weekend starts today Shut yo hoe ass up
vulgar	Bitch niggas pay for hoes just to lay with hoes relax one night you'll pay to stay with hoes
vulgar	if your wardrobe consist of mostly leggings, you's a hoe guilty
vulgar	In the mall with yo bitch and yo money I'm getting me somethin
vulgar	Eat a lot of protein Eat a lot of pussy #MattieTrumpsTipsForABetterLife Eat the whole ass
vulgar	I'm jakes bitch
vulgar	A lot of you males need to dress up as real men for Halloween since y'all be acting like bitches all year.
vulgar	You want to be a little bitch, than ima treat you like a little bitch.
vulgar	Water polo is so fucking hard #respect yeah if you're a pussy
vulgar	Edward did OSS, he sparkled bitch reality
vulgar	who the old bitch??!! *hoe
vulgar	I hate when bitches do that who are you talking to shit like clearly you.I be like BITCH WIT DA RED DOOR HOE
vulgar	We'll I'm going to sleep fag
clean	MMMH Daily is out! Stories via #yellow is IN! luv the bling!
vulgar	They not evn hoes in silence anymoreproud of it .... then want respect
vulgar	When you fuck her GOOD she trip even more good dick makes a bitch go crazy
vulgar	so many hoes, that's whypreach
vulgar	If a photographer doesn't have a back story on how he started, he did it for pussy #believethat #CANTKNOCKTHAHUSSLE
vulgar	I've sounded like a fag the last few days your emotions are inspiring
vulgar	#ImAddictedTo girls w fat pussy slim waist fat ass n innocent smiles truuuuuu
vulgar	You can be Seminoles but not redskins? KSeminole tribe got an agreement with them..fsu pay them to use the name
vulgar	Who that pussy wet for ?
vulgar	I'm dreaming ewwwwbitch you must be fucked up
vulgar	LMAO my bitch was listening to gospel music w. liquor in her hand weaaakkklmfaooooooooo I was crying
vulgar	why amanda bitch ass eva cheat on fizz fine ass? ion geddit theres more to a nigga than his looks.. Thought yall knew dat?
vulgar	you should feel disrespected if a bitch try to suck you up with dry lips.
vulgar	Y'all bitches switch a roo niggas !!! who the hell
vulgar	Having 0 bitches really the waveshaq you got all the hoes
vulgar	Niggas want a good girl but still wanna fuck with hoes but that ain't gone work. Gotta pick one boy stfu
vulgar	Splash onna bitch Wednesday tomorrow
vulgar	them Damn browniesI swear lmao
vulgar	Mom : Dont call a girl a bitch. That's somebody's daughter,sister,niece... Me : And somebody's bitch too
vulgar	Smh bitches are such haters !!! How dare they do this to her #blackgirls #jealousy YOOO LOOOL
vulgar	Throwing lamps at bitches who need to lighten up. True dat
vulgar	Using y = mx + b to measure the slope of that ass girl.
vulgar	on my way to fuck ur bitch
vulgar	on my way to fuck ur bitch
vulgar	My brother a faggotsmh
vulgar	Dnt blame niggas when a female see ya hoe ass ways. Go listen to some JT Money fruitcake
clean	Some of y'all bios are trash. Mine pretty good
vulgar	Bout time Some of these chicks dont want a man, they just want support. Tell that bitch to get a bra
vulgar	When the pussy stank
vulgar	Remember this bro? don't show people this
vulgar	Uhoh you got the hoes lol Y'all I found this letter on my car. Naaah
vulgar	If she's sending you nudes on snap chats but your not one of the 3 guys on her favorites, she a hoe.
vulgar	#Mondays are a whole lot better when you're driving a vehicle That white pussy uhhh get ya
vulgar	No longer a side bitch
vulgar	Spitting on people just shows you weren't raised right. In another words it's a bitch nigga trait.
vulgar	spongebob out here beating bitches up
vulgar	A relationship is only made for two.. but some bitches don't know how to count.amen to that!
vulgar	Why is everyone who thinks you're an unfunny pandering jizzbag automatically a troll? And he hate colored folk
vulgar	Darkskin Girls Ugly ass bitch
clean	In the fashion world urban means stolen from black people its ghetto on us, and urban on them haha
vulgar	It's like when a bitch gotta pretty pussy but it's loose . #witchcraft
vulgar	the white girls u should holla at but Nooooo brothas go for the ugliest bad built hoes ever
vulgar	how young is this hoe with a mm pillow
clean	I survived swine flu, bird flu, west nile and the Bloomberg administration. I'll be finethe abortion survival. Cant 4get that
vulgar	FYI my favorite type of bitches.
clean	My tweets trash
vulgar	Small titty bitches pierced nipples look like staples. lmao
vulgar	Ready blow this bitch down me 3 rellos
vulgar	I couldn't find anything to hold my hair up let alone put a pony inno bitch I said post a busted pic
clean	My leave out is trash u sick
vulgar	Iont got no typebad bitches is the only thing that I like aye I'm just living life
clean	dumb beaner
vulgar	I try to keep all my bitches on lay away same way I feel
vulgar	Trust these bitches ? Nah
vulgar	Is it wrong if I get on this bitch and started talking shit ?yes!
vulgar	Ain't nothing better in life than meeting a hoe with a full time jobdon't let her have her own benefits nigga what
vulgar	Boney as shit right I seen em walking down the street Ctfu I was in the crib tho! He a lucky nig.
vulgar	I heard thigh gaps is a way of telling if a bitch pussy is loose. What??
vulgar	I threw them hoes away you also just threw yo life awaybruhhh
vulgar	lol haha hahahahahahahahahaahah deez nuts bitch
vulgar	Hate driving in the rain. -_- you can drive deez nuts in your botch mouth hoe
vulgar	Your opinion is irrelevant because youre a cunt.
vulgar	True nothing shuts up libdog bitches who like to bark at anything THAT'S CALLED...PREACHING THE TRUTH!
vulgar	Fuck her right in the pussy I wish this dude was my grandpa
vulgar	When you see the bitch that been talking smack about you in the playground
vulgar	I just want panda express panera** big booty hoe***
vulgar	Aren't they all tho bro? I hate a nosey bitch....some more than others
vulgar	i got money , guns , gold , bitches nd stacks nigga fuck this net beef have my shooters get at niggas a Bring dat Friday den
vulgar	If a bitch comes for me I hope she bout all that slick shit she yapping about Thuggin
vulgar	I'm finna eat some pussy lmao
clean	When girls take my snap backs and beanies lol that's 35 dollars a hat and 40 for the AX beanieS I don't let them take it
vulgar	A new breed of white girl... she slammed that bitch
vulgar	A Bitch Couldn't pay me to get dem pregnant again fr fam ion see how niccas out here poppin kids out
vulgar	Niggas want pussy. I ain't giving any out. Here is where lies our dilemma. That's cool
vulgar	Hahahaha do it bitch! Make her fall in love should I?
vulgar	If she buys you a tattoo, wife that girl this bitch
vulgar	bitches saying ray rice got what he deserved but just a month ago wanted this man free
vulgar	bitches be like, messy bun.
vulgar	When she ask how imma eat her pussy
vulgar	Girl you eat mo pussy than me girl you shoulda been a nigga that's that jam
vulgar	Leave all the bitchin to bitches
vulgar	Last night was well.. Fun lmao you got some pussy didn't ya Vern unfortunately no lol
vulgar	Y'all females love y'all a bum nigga or a jail bird..!!!!
vulgar	you lucky ashit if you got the shawty you want .. a niggah just tryna keep her
vulgar	don't get on bro when bae textin another nigger
clean	I just accidentally ate a pot brownie. I guess there goes my pledge of being drug free for life . lolz . Lmao #College
vulgar	Who else thinks lip biting is fucking sexy? until that bitch bite too hard put a hoe out once for that
vulgar	these the kids that call you nigger on xbox
clean	How I feel when I'm throwing trash away... everyday in school.
vulgar	when he makes u his WCW his hoes favorite it
vulgar	Females that know they are hoes really the coolest chicks....all sex asideslmao
vulgar	They game is over fuck yall bitches yall attitudes
vulgar	It might be Some of y'all females pussy wet cause he cried smh
vulgar	I say bitch bad, woman good, lady better Lupe?
clean	Oreos And Milk
vulgar	maybe cuz your putting trust in a bitch not a lady. or maybe because this a fucking song
vulgar	in the yellow is rock hard
vulgar	Everybody Loves Dej Loaf cause that's wifey fuck off kaya dats my bitch.
vulgar	I live in constant fear of being shit on by a bird well this actually fucking happened to me before sooooo.
vulgar	I surrounded my bad bitches I can't keep them out my face #WhereTheyAtDoe
vulgar	Dr gero made android 18 to destroy da world das sum bitch nigga shit I would program a girl android to gimme sum neck 24/7
vulgar	Dumb bitch award goes too .... that's all you Uncle Sam !!!
vulgar	I let my girl handcuff me to the bed thinkin she gon do something freaky this bitch went through my phone
vulgar	What if pussy treated condoms like cars treat seatbelts and kept beeping until u put it on?
vulgar	it's almost been 10 yrs. You haven't had ONE gf since, u just been fckn hoes huh.
vulgar	Your relationship ended, not your life. stop being a whiny bitch
vulgar	you fck like a hoe so no thank you . Ima be classy when I do it bitch I'm dead
vulgar	I hate how some of you bitches come to school musty . Like how tf you walk out your house stank ? Your mama ain't shit
vulgar	Jealous bitches be like .... don't subtweet me hoe
vulgar	Y'all big braid gelled baby hair havin bitches look like Dashiki from Don't Be a Menace ... This is not up for discussion
vulgar	Nawwww If you a hoe you sittin on the floor and not my damn couuuuuch but your birthday is in Feb or naa? Nope
vulgar	I'm so dead why you hoe me idk I just felt like flaming you lol
vulgar	go to sleep bitchstfu
vulgar	I really only like like 3 people in this town, everyone else is a faggot me me me
vulgar	Better not have any bitch ass people in my classes tomorrow
vulgar	When you catch your girl doing some hoe shit behind your back
clean	I find myself wanting to google the yellow king #TrueDetective No kidding! What is going on?
vulgar	them Wet say trav see if they got them hoes in Cali I will send you my money
vulgar	This bitch childish af one of my sisters would've had to crash her
vulgar	Nigel, you don't think he knows what he did was dumb? How smart are you? Shut your bitch ass up
vulgar	Fucked your bitch and left her like...
vulgar	yasss when a bitch get paid tho as long as she dnt act crazy
vulgar	Half y'all hoes still got nut in y'all baby hairs , shut up
vulgar	Nobody wants to be with a bum except bum bitches
vulgar	Ur ex girlfriend is a slut fr f dat hoe
vulgar	Ladies If a nigga always wanna go out and party every weekend . He basically side hoe shopping
vulgar	When you gonna take me out? Some hoes not gonna let you come over until you spend money on themlisten
vulgar	Beef is when a bitch titties looking like they sleep... What's beef...
vulgar	Today was a long practice bitch no it wasn't
vulgar	Food Pussy but pussy = Food so food pussy.
vulgar	I swear if I see any snow tomorrow.... bruhh you sound like a basic white bitch
vulgar	Typical hoe costumes: 1. Cat 2. Nurse 3. Bunny 4. Police officer 5. Themselves
vulgar	Uh excuse me bitch, you don't need to shout.
clean	Red Neck Ice Bucket Challenge he must be from the SIP. #redneck
vulgar	smoking skating twerkingI'm innat hoeyas
vulgar	I hate this shit like why y'all bitches think that's cute? clothing violation
vulgar	Miss you pussy
vulgar	I smoke like 20 backwoods a day cop dem bitches by da box woe
clean	Adam Jones homers Yankees now lead 5-3.Guy is a monsta
vulgar	already going how I look at side hoes when daddy walk in the room.
vulgar	u r gey af. But you're my boy I'm glad I'm close with you. You dumb bitch how guys say I love you
vulgar	can't stand a playin ass niggabitch*
clean	Making weed brownies tonight goin slide me a batch relo
vulgar	The hoes love... #oomf lol
vulgar	Lover old bitch
vulgar	Shavonne was doing ballet in the middle of the street last night and fell bitch it wasn't ballet
vulgar	I want pussy for dinner
vulgar	When her nudes trash you gotta draw clothes back on her and send em back
vulgar	hoes be like omg i love my new comb thought this was Perro
vulgar	knee asscrow ass
vulgar	slut hoethot whore
vulgar	I feel like twerking This is why yo pussy stank
vulgar	Kanye might be the first nigga to successfully save a hoe.lol this a original . Tweet
vulgar	10 under in Miami is a keepernot hard to find them hoes just like to brain wrestle
clean	Quote this with a weezy verse I'm a diamond in the rough like a baby in the trash
vulgar	Quote this with a weezy verse you're like a bitch with no ass you aint got shit
vulgar	You just ugly AF stick to one Rt This new avi trash or nah
vulgar	You goofy Only goofy niggas simp over chicks with community pussy.. Who are you?
vulgar	Always tryna degrade girlsshit when really..pussyass is almost all yall think about so shuuutt iittt . Sometimes
vulgar	F**k it!!!!! I'm never wearing my headband again either!!!!!! but you don't hoop like a lil bitch tho...
vulgar	That ain't my hoe.
vulgar	This single shit so boring suck it bitch
vulgar	Trenton Gossman is the sexiest hillbilly I have ever seen
clean	COLT MCCOY WINS #HookEm he's still trash
vulgar	Crying over a guy on Thanksgiving? Nah bitch pick your head up, you making the turkey soggy. Thanks A'Shanni *pats turkey dry*
vulgar	Good pussy be making a nigga have to regroup pull out and get your thoughts together
vulgar	I ate oomf pussy @ her
vulgar	Ion care about none of these bitches
vulgar	Never seen so many perfect bitches til I made a Twitter but
vulgar	I'm a boss ass bitch ..bitch..bitch..bitch..bitch..bitch..bitch..
vulgar	agreed, eating pussy is so much betterthey both Nasty
vulgar	fuck a #WCW dats my bitch , not my crush
vulgar	All I want is bitches, big boooty bitches
clean	How is this trash...
vulgar	I don't like a ghetto female
vulgar	If Jennifer Hudson can lose weight anybody can you fat ass hoes!!!
vulgar	Stop giving a nigga pussy he stop actin like he care no true totally ...
vulgar	All I wanna do is go workout then come back home and lay in bed jerk off, kill two birds with one stone.
vulgar	An orangutan once tried to have sex with actress Julia Roberts.Smart monkey
vulgar	Ever met a bitch that fucked with your nigga but was to pussy to admit it ? A bitch for a bitch.
clean	#SingleBecause ill find a cute hoosier to date next year
vulgar	I just made that interview my bitch. --finessed it huh!? Lol
vulgar	we don't love these hoes
vulgar	Fuck a bad bitch id rather have a good girl who's a freak just for me 10/10 times
vulgar	single af we don't care you're ugly anyways @ me pussy
vulgar	I don't love these hoes *we
vulgar	When you try to smash but that pussy stank
clean	#Yankees and Red Sox are scoreless as we play in the 2nd inning. THE BAMBINO IS WATCHING!
clean	Alfredo Aceves in to relieve here in the 4th. #Yankees he needs to go away , gas can !
clean	Cavs trash.. Heat trash.. Smhpat gotta make trades
vulgar	I'm not a bitch like lol sorry not sorry, tried to give him a hint that I didn't want to speak to him so idc
vulgar	. Shut up, faggot.Set himself up
clean	Oreo ice cream cake
vulgar	I got a natural mean face i be havin mean mugs and ion even be knowin bitch shut the fuck upright
vulgar	All I want for my birthday is a female with a large buttocks. Big booty hoe
vulgar	My sister shittin on you hos once again wodeh bout dat action
vulgar	LMAOOO I find this shit so funny y'all hoes ain't content with working it out with one nigga boring
vulgar	U look like a cotton picker tho About to put in field work damn dee got all the jokes
vulgar	wassupbyebitch you outta order
vulgar	This bitch lying to me messy yess
vulgar	Alyssa you ignoring me bitch but you better text me back cause I'm serious !fuck u smokey
vulgar	I'm about too put sooooo much nut in my fucking mouth and gts frfr bitch yu nasty
vulgar	im so winning. bitch
vulgar	the boy told Lyssa make them $50 yes bitch and I need em
vulgar	these hoes be playing w/ me like I won't send baby Cain at they niggah !!yesss messy.
vulgar	Iz no point in being jealous cuz dee hoes for everybody # #BucketsProverbs
vulgar	Oomf a hoe hopper
vulgar	What things do you love? Myself weed pussy life
vulgar	Oomf a fake bitch ass nigga point blank period. Smh AWWWW SHITTTTTTT
vulgar	How I lose this sweet..you ain't lose it you hide it lmfao Viri tryna smoke that hoe to his self Boy...
vulgar	Kyrie fast than a bitch with the ball look like you out there lollol I wish
vulgar	hahaha! She to much of a thottie for you! Never fear Captain Save-A-Thot is here to save that hoe
vulgar	happy birthday little bitch. BOFL this made me laugh when I read it
vulgar	Snap Chat Names please? only bitch you can Snapchatt is me
vulgar	these hoes ain't loyal no they ain't
vulgar	Where the bitches at ,?? yeah where they at I don't know they probably at that Party
vulgar	I got the giggles because I'm a fag, I ain't gon lie lol
vulgar	you a bitchthey need to lock yo ass up for sayin some stupid shit like that
vulgar	No one likes i n d i r e c t ass bitches.
clean	My Lakers are going to be so trash this season I can't wait :(
vulgar	Boyfriends that'll eat yo pussy all day long Ur da real mvp
vulgar	How you make a salad and have no vegetables on the bitch?!? Give me a break. potato salad
vulgar	Im so happy in the morning after I shave my pussy cuteness always sets me up for a good dayu need some dick
vulgar	I be laughing when my ex be tryna stunt, bitch you forgot I went with you I know what you got don't got
vulgar	Wish tonight was purge so I can get to hunting Shut yo hoe ass up
vulgar	what if I tell y'all I'm trying to turn up for bayou classic #drinker bitch you got the id.
vulgar	Lol I 4got rose been dat nicca tho #1 Never forget.lol yee I was trippin
clean	Looking at nip rings I can't wait until I can change mine lmao
clean	Happy new year check yo clock Hun we got another hour lol..they just did the lil count down thing
vulgar	bitch gotta work all hard to clean that shit without ripping her skin LMAOSJDUSUBEJS
vulgar	My friends are some insensitive bitches
vulgar	I'm tryna get some snow day dick gon make a nicca have a wreck out there Tryn pull up on ya
vulgar	Like why tf is this bitch following me ?
vulgar	cuz you a hoe lol cuz you went on your lil rant on me man!
vulgar	that wasn't me hoe azz boi I'm (sniff sniff ) sorry (sniff sniff)
vulgar	what u did Mr bitches stop calling me that but I balled
vulgar	ion eat cat . bitch what you gay for then
vulgar	Iont got not type ... Bad bitches is the only thing that I like ayeee!! Throw that ass in a sphere
vulgar	Niggas is hoes man I swear
vulgar	This hoe Mimi said I hurt my hand bitch her throat
vulgar	dis hoe BRI will fuck up a wet dream Pop up in the dream like
vulgar	u a hoe broski u gotta look at dat shit
vulgar	Lil bitty bitch lingo
vulgar	Shawty wanna charge for pussy but I'm like whoa now turnt her on to cash she use to fuck for free
vulgar	Victor shawn legs don't hurt? They jigg every damn night
vulgar	Lol someone told me I had hoes so I sent them this
vulgar	bitch im weakkk vic
vulgar	Fuck The Girls , Peep How He Change When A Nigga Squared Up Against Him bitch ass
vulgar	Nobody cares about KIRK Bosley noI care bout my cousin hoe
vulgar	Men hop in they feelings much quicker than women. Not me I hop in ya bitch
vulgar	Bitch I'm on, bitch I'm on my griiind thug luuuuuuv
vulgar	I want some pussy #wishfulthinking
vulgar	fb hoe loldamn next time be nicer . Lmfao
vulgar	Right Idk which one was selling pussy for $65 but thats way too high for them
vulgar	ahhh you know who? So smart Donny! but YES Yass! I'm glad you speak your mind to these 2faces hoes
vulgar	Gave that bitch a bib since she wanna act messy
vulgar	im more excited about Boosie getting out than Valentines dayhe get Vday pussy allstar weeekend pussy and mardi gras
vulgar	I don't like Popeye's spicy chicken them bitches be on 10 boa you trippen
vulgar	I wonder if I @ oomf I be like I want fuck would I be wrong or you a be one brave as bitchone day
vulgar	It's so wonderful when you meet a dude that's not a bitch ass nigga these days
vulgar	yeah he lowkey loves me he knows he's ma nigga we don't love these hoes
vulgar	I'm 2 much for these niggas and 3 much for these hoes
vulgar	Jordyn stays making fun of how I eat like a little bitch
vulgar	He did go in i was actually surprised he when that hard N the crib listen 2 my nig G-Eazydon't diss my homie
vulgar	gotta buy those anti-slip shoes so these hoes won't catch me slipping
clean	83 you're really cool you're good at basketball. And your a zebra is this ?
vulgar	grow up bitch they was cute
vulgar	Scrappy always on the reunion with hella hoes real nigga lmao
vulgar	if he has a girlfriend don't be a hoe and text him yanno who u r
vulgar	Don't really have anyone to talk to when things start going wrong... Aight hoe ass nigga
vulgar	sydneys my favorite she's a nigger but I love her
vulgar	depressed but I got hoes same
vulgar	7. You still fucn ya ex?na that bitch corny
vulgar	About to go take over the A this summer. Binging alll the fly bitches to bless atl! #turnup! Thank you!!
vulgar	I never get on twitter but when I do, I get in bitch fights with niggas. not even females bruh..
vulgar	.. where the fuck is your top lip in my pussy
vulgar	mane the skinny bitches was playin lol I had too take my weight class too another level
vulgar	cigarettes are so gross -half the bitches that smoke cigarettes
clean	I hate when I attempt to make the yellow light but the car infront of me stops at the light I be wanting to fight
vulgar	I like down bitches
vulgar	Niggas talk more then bitches these days #facts
vulgar	now bitch you know.. Lmaooo
vulgar	Fuck them texts! it's a movement. Lmaooo courts texting rubbed off on me she used to be bitch bout it tho
vulgar	I need to find is both a damn job. needs to find a bitch a jobright
vulgar	I DONT FUCK YOUUU u lil stupid ass bitch I AINT FUCKIN WIT YOU u lil dumbass bitch I AINT FUCKIN WIT YOU
vulgar	Are. You. Kidding. Me. Right. Now. I'll smack a hoe
vulgar	im just a sarcastic lil bitch who loves to sleep and eat
vulgar	These hoes ain't loyal [i would know cause I'm a hoe] but my fans damn sure are! - real
vulgar	yeah it's really far and it's alright if you like living by a whole lot of hicks haha
vulgar	im just a bitch ass elf
vulgar	I dont trust girls cant trust these hoes
vulgar	well we all know Victoria's Secret now. Yea and we all the Cocoa Puff bird fucking
vulgar	Paint brushes over Bugattis #StundentPainters bitch paint me like one of your French girls
vulgar	niggah you friendzoned daaaaaaaam..
vulgar	Jose is so fucking mean to me like damn bitch lol fuck you
vulgar	bitch im back at home now.
clean	#CHUCKSTRONG #GoldSwagger thats awesome += #hoosiers
vulgar	Happy Hour time best time of da day!!!!! Niggas don't know bout them happy hour hoes
vulgar	My favorite time of da day HAPPY HOUR!!! #Drinkbreakwhen the bad bitches come out and the ok hoes at home doing make-up
vulgar	Gwyneth Paltrow you ugly ass big bird looking bitch, shut the fuck up. That's pretty much IN YOUR FACE! Bravo!
vulgar	Why u can't just love? Because we don't love these hoes
vulgar	they played a great job who's the retard now?
vulgar	Y'all bitches be popping babies out like it's a sportstop what lol
vulgar	finger a bitch w/ my trigger finger nigga shut up
vulgar	Dora her table manners --- she's eating like a sloppy hoe!!?
vulgar	Stop being such a bitch
vulgar	just demolishing this huge bitch is caring
vulgar	Just think if Alex won some games! That sorry son of a bitch will never win us a game
vulgar	bitches so late ion exposed
vulgar	I feel sorry for whoever using Alyssa number to play phone games dumb ass hoes who ain't got a life
vulgar	i'll be a bitch when i have to be a bitch :) #fandomapology #5sosFamAnd1DfandomFollowParty PREACH
vulgar	bitches be set hoppin like bitch get your life for u get beat up lmao
vulgar	That pussy so wet she gotta dry outsidestop telling my business
vulgar	whens homecoming ho? slut the 17th
vulgar	Asians have short beds, my feet are hanging off the edge of the bed cuddle me bitch I'm right beside you
vulgar	Congrats to kim k .this a great day for hoes everywhere
vulgar	Lol maybe I should give in nd date these hoes on dateslet me know how that work lol
vulgar	Imma pull up on you eat on that pussy and dip
vulgar	If you can't get pussy without lying to a girl you wack don't hate. appreciate.
vulgar	My daughter makes me with I wasn't a hoe from age 18-25 u on a roll tonight
vulgar	pussy prolly taste like heaven
vulgar	Now ma'am ... Every jawn on here been tryna have they pussy cop a feel on Donte's peen
vulgar	You know idgaf about a woman's lingerie matching when I love hairy pussy so much
vulgar	Why you let these hoes tear what we had right apart
vulgar	I just want the baddest bitch in the world right here on my lap
vulgar	Pineapples on sale at publixhoes on sale tooup stairs
vulgar	I need ran theo and theo HOMIE rocking the cool I need some free shit or some hoes
vulgar	Stills get no pussy** he's jus being rational a fag
vulgar	what class you in right now? I need my headphones for seventh period I'm serious bitch ass.ms.Trophenboum
vulgar	aw OMG this show made me cry I'm such a pussy manyou really are
vulgar	brian stfu its twitter i could retweet anythingdon't make me bitch slap you again
clean	I know u didnt hit that jigga with my fav purse. .. --no chill!
vulgar	Fucking slut FOREAL, fuck dat bitch.
vulgar	Might go to plaq hcbitch who you gone go with
vulgar	I'm a faggot I agree
vulgar	I was heartbroken tx inniz ho. Lmao haha naw chill, you the one laughing at vdawg
vulgar	Make the most of what you have. Don't tell me what to do bitch
clean	Yankees will never have someone wear a single digit uniform again after this season Wow. Shows that is an epic organization
vulgar	why do bitches stand like this? she wanted to be in MJ's smooth criminal video so bad..
vulgar	It don't matter where we at this nigga always tryna holla at a bitch where. y'all. at?
vulgar	This bitch Gmfu. You huh? Huh lol
vulgar	back then hoes didn't want me, now I'm hot, they all on me.
vulgar	I can believe that wiz khalifa and that one bald bitch are getting divorced
clean	Sick of all the trash talk and cocky attitudes. #shutupandplay Refs have to take control when needed
clean	twitpic a selfie with light colored eyes
vulgar	Single moms got that proven pussy LOL fckd up but truuu
vulgar	Hate when a chick say go deeper when u already dishin out all u got #hoes
vulgar	Bitch wanna date the flyest nigga then be shocked when he has hoes lol
vulgar	Ladies what if a dude put two hands in your pussy and started clapping? Lmaoo
vulgar	U get what u put in. If all u offering is pussy don't be mad when all u receive is dick
vulgar	Things hoes say...
clean	thats my fav part on Take Carewhole album trash
vulgar	No one wants an ugly nigga, so you've got him all to yourself. No more stressing over hoes - lies !
vulgar	yall partners in crime that's my bitch she can't ride solo
vulgar	u got hoes tho WERD WHERE
clean	All I see in every #IfTheyGunnedMeDown tweet... Dis be like da colored Brady Bunch
vulgar	no you homo sorry I can't be straight like you and pull mad bitches
vulgar	me 3 you don't even lift pussy
vulgar	Half tempted to go outside and run my phone over with my car because it's such a piece of shit. #FuckiPhones do it pussy
vulgar	is it too early to put your face in some pussy? Bul never to early for breakfast
vulgar	what about the doc? He's a pussy. He ain't going anywhere.
vulgar	I want my ears to look like this I just want this bitches earrings lol
vulgar	I don't take people niggas bitches don't play about they niggas , specially they baby daddies No BS
vulgar	I used to be that fat bitch everybody made fun of look at me now I was made fun of for being ugly
vulgar	hoe
vulgar	If pussy is just pussy to you, you a nasty ass nigga.. Hope you get aids bit harsh. Rethink that statement
vulgar	fuck me then bitch shut up and roll threw
vulgar	I'm not saying I'm for this but .. Studs will fuck trannys but won't let they bitch strap them down you muhfuckas childish lol
vulgar	bitch I was fukkin wicha but fuck you nigga square up and I'm fucking with you
vulgar	knowing I can picture that hoe in my head he good now knocked the wind out that boy
vulgar	noll nigga I'm Talm bout Tt and juice me too! Ion hoe Em
clean	eagles fans dont except the fact that mcoy been trash this year and that everybody figured out that spread offense #StopIt
vulgar	Thot bitches wanna be wined dined like a wife but don't know how to earn it
vulgar	U hella gay u never did quit subbing fag
vulgar	haha bitch
vulgar	I think this hoe pressed or some shit righttt how many times we asked where they be??ok
vulgar	hoes do hoe thangs
vulgar	that new 1d song diana is well written well done boyzzzzzz bow down bitch
vulgar	Big oleeeee middle finger, bitch.
vulgar	When people complain to me about prices I'm just like bitch do I look like I make the rules?
vulgar	he's a hoe lmfao aren't they all smuts ? lmao
vulgar	Guys are hoes these days lmao don't fucking indirect me cause I can put you on blast who's subbin ?
vulgar	need to get laid sike im celibate bitches be like
vulgar	boot up. for u hoe niggas so girls that take BC are hoes?
vulgar	Rico be bored then a bitchdamn boy you watch me more than these hoes do
vulgar	Rico full of shytfull of money hoe
vulgar	MEN are the biggest hoes lmao
vulgar	there isn't one song on Blacc Hollywood I dislike. Except the song with nicki minaj because that triffling bitch sucks
vulgar	Yea bitchdam!
vulgar	This bitch comes right in gets tooo comfortable I never saw this yo my gut all out I hate u
vulgar	swear they emojis
vulgar	bangthat's a trust worthy bitch
vulgar	it's cute af bitch I believe u!! It's jus getting pAss trusting u wit a needle to someone head
vulgar	lmaooo nooo hoeoh ok
vulgar	my name is stefanie ... stefaniefuck u hoe
vulgar	this bitch tried the wrong one it'll all go down hill from now
vulgar	All people ever do on twitter is bitch. Get a mother fuckin diary.
vulgar	I could write a book on the things hoes say.no way Jose
clean	Too bad the optimism I have for the Royals, you don't have for the Twins!! Take those Rose(ie) colored glasses off
vulgar	I'm driving myself insane.fag
vulgar	Females get irritated FAST fuck them hoes
vulgar	bitch I called yu back the lies
vulgar	we'll be togetheryu gt a job hoe.
vulgar	He too rich to let that bitch get him mad like that! Niggas don't think at all
vulgar	grown. mature. pretty. etc. All that goes out the window when a bitch play with me.
vulgar	Is it me or does Kim kardashian ain't looking as good no morestill look better then these so called bad bitches
vulgar	@ a girl who's a hoe on Twitter
vulgar	How do you have a beautiful female and still find a way to fuck w/ ratchet hoes.. I don't get it
vulgar	would love the Parkside sport girls, dressed like Kobe all day everyday! Let me see 1 of them hoes
vulgar	This guy said he's slept with 300 girls.. Oh ok let me puke now.I know a girl that had 70 dudes slut/whore not hoe
vulgar	every bitch tell me I act like a nigga.. whatever the fuck that means
vulgar	lol the bitch not responding,lol it's cool imma get one I jus trusted that more
vulgar	I'm not close to being your dude, master chan that's right bitch, bow down to your master
vulgar	I got hella hoes.
vulgar	A nigga who gets alot of bitches is not gonna value you like someone else would, youre just another one lol. Cut that out
vulgar	luhv u tioo!a!!! drunk bitch lol
vulgar	If you're going to talk shit about my sister. Don't play no pussy shit. Say it to her face yo! #JustSaying! #slapAbitch
vulgar	Go text your other hoes Me:
vulgar	On a scale of 1-10 this bitch is literally a 6
vulgar	this dude a fucking legend bruh, fuck her right in the pussy lmao true legendFuck her right in the pussy!
vulgar	Just seen 2 pregnant bitches fight did the look like sumo wrestlers?
vulgar	It's my birthday!!!!! Yesssss!!!!! Obviously nobody cares bitch
vulgar	Donny a hoe Since when??
vulgar	I'm Trynna find a bitch with a fat ass
vulgar	Lool I agree the most fucked up show I ever watched was misfits wen Simone wifed that hoe was the saddest
vulgar	Just saw Ashton. Hardly anyone cared. Waiting for Harry wtf bitch I'd be all up in Ashton's grill you feel?
vulgar	When hoes feel like their photo didnt get enough favorites
vulgar	I see so many mad hoes on the tl. Tht shit should be illegal.tbh
vulgar	Shorty name is Masika and y'all surprised she a hoe.
vulgar	Wifey means The pussy good right now but you gotta go in 2 months.basically
vulgar	Bro my birds stay having sex , it's on a daily now.he said look ma no hands
clean	Tag a friend that sucks at flappy bird
clean	If you used the ObamaCare website you should definitely change your password hahahahahah that's sad #boon
vulgar	Who clothes in the dryer? I'm tryna dry my clothesthrow them hoes out
vulgar	Lmao nvm that's right bitch go drink some warm milk and go to bed
vulgar	Bitch said I lie too much bitch you ain't worth telling the truth too
vulgar	Ready for another tat doeeee . by me right hoe!
vulgar	Group chat bitches we call yall undercover Feds watching everybody
vulgar	smh they gotta grow up at least you know these bitches want to be you I swear
vulgar	When your ex hits you with that I miss you bullshit ...lol bitch die
vulgar	That hoe gone jam watch if you ain't throwing ass bitch fuck out the party
vulgar	yo mama was confused when she had u lol .. These hoes ain't got no manners
vulgar	Same hoes is still at it, I should've known
vulgar	Fuck I look like ho? I look like yes and ya look like no
clean	We raided Nicki's wig closet for the summer! Bad gals just wanna have fun! this bitch has the a nerve smh
vulgar	don't fall in love with a bitch #bestadvice
vulgar	yall niggas think i just hang around your crib doing nothing, bitch i be getting bread too
vulgar	The Kimberley story is by far the scariest story I've ever heard! pussy
vulgar	Fake bitches I don't want your hugs
vulgar	Shine on them hoes look at my baby daddy
vulgar	I really hate Poly bitches. You and me both man
vulgar	I got 1 felony!!! I got bitches
vulgar	I am not a bitch, I am the bitch. So that is Ms. Bitch to you!
vulgar	100% of the female population needs to stop being such a bitch
vulgar	Ya niggas play to fuck my niggas play for keepsthese bitches can't fuck wit me
vulgar	This was hung in the boys bathroom... - St. Dominic silly bitches.
vulgar	If you don't have your read receipts on you a bitch the bitchyest bitch ever
vulgar	Dat bird bitchHEAVY BIRDCAGE BITCH byyyyyyrrrrrrrrrrrrr bitch
vulgar	aye and when the hoes start coming don't forget who put you on I won't !!!
vulgar	you won't have to herd for hoes no more lol lmao I hope not this shit SCHRESSFUL
vulgar	Is hoe by association a real thing? Yes.
vulgar	Y'all be like.. I want a love like Rashad New New... Shit y'all already got one. Lying about who you are ass hoes lmao
vulgar	I cant talk right now i got pussy on my tongue
vulgar	we single cuz only hoes are left.. All the good ones taken lmao-ANY FEMALE ON THE TL THATS SINGLE..You a sno-bop
clean	I'm only back cause I don't wanna see the boys lose to trash #vote5sos
vulgar	in a relationship with the idea of you - girls with trash love lives
vulgar	my ananconda don't want none unless u clean those shitty buns Hun
vulgar	shitty pussy
vulgar	ur pussy smell like dumpster juice wow
vulgar	you mean the niggaz i shot? Ill give you 100k if u let any nigga smell your pussy and it don't smell like shit.
vulgar	K Michelle pussy smell like shit
clean	The fruit of the modern Yankees farm system. Joba the Nut.
vulgar	fat chance you'll ever catch me drinking a beer same bitches
vulgar	I'm outside your house #comeout this bitch
vulgar	lmfaooooo!!!!! U bitch I'm using that shit from now on.
vulgar	wtf bitch!dasss why I ain't come to practice
vulgar	Never worried about the next bitch. Always worryin about the next meal. I'm tryna fuckin eat, fuck what you talkin bout
vulgar	DAMN I ALWAYS BE TWEETING YOU HALFASSED TWEETS I meant to say hoes still dont make sense..
vulgar	wealthy? My aunt said I'm handsome fuck you hoesbroke
vulgar	I tend to have more sense that bitches older than me. That's sad.
vulgar	Do this hoe wanna fight right
vulgar	What hoes do I have tbh on the highest of keys same
vulgar	why why why why why? you ain't kissing any bitch anytime soon
vulgar	for the light weights *pussies
vulgar	If you got netflix watch fresh that hoe live from now on my name is Chuck E I'm not chuckie no more
clean	Essence Fest anyone? I'll be there on the main stage 2 stepping with Uncle Charlie
vulgar	I talk to any girl who paid over 300$ for her sew in, show me u Atleast got some type of boss bitch in you lol wth
vulgar	Cute text: ey bitch come over for some pizza
vulgar	No one wants to see curvy women - Karl Lagerfeld he retarded
vulgar	Colts nation...put yall money upbitch chuassup we was just down 24
vulgar	this is me so badly hahahah omg yall some pussies
vulgar	Lol rt. If yo bitch don't read books or eat fruits... She a hoe.
clean	Charlie Strong WILL have Texas back as a power better power of big 12 is anybody's now
vulgar	Trap keep me fly that's why I love him ayyyyy you got that hoe at Forever 21 huh?
vulgar	all these bitches getting mommy money niggas too.
vulgar	That 6 God by Drake is so trash, dawg. Thank you ass water !!!
vulgar	If you already out of school, fuck you I hate you and I hope you trip on the stage at graduation hoe
vulgar	show a lotta love to my sisters tho but these bitches so predictable. Im in trouble
vulgar	Niggas swear they love a honest bitch tho he salty bm
vulgar	nah lemme chill i love the bitches like trick love the kids you know this
vulgar	Nasty pay the bills bitch
vulgar	He told the bitch stop texting my phone my shawty crazy glad he know
vulgar	Did that bitch from Frozen ever let it go?
vulgar	So that history test made me its bitch haha
vulgar	I just punched in the nose on accident because she just shocked the crap out of me bitch that hurt!!
clean	Car hopping is a different world these ghetto guys tried asking for my number LOL did they have to be ghetto Tho ?
vulgar	If you do tax fraud you bet not dare tweet about voting bitchall of them tweeting they don't do politics
vulgar	Them Jew Lawyers and Doctors say Nigga ran? Lolnope they say shit like queer though
vulgar	Dudes out here will try and fuck ya bitch behind ya back and tell you she aint good for ya its happend
clean	On the east coast there's colored hair everywhere. This must be the sweetest wave ever.
clean	B Oreo a stuntcome thru
vulgar	not one single bone in my body gives a fuck about what the next bitch thinks.
vulgar	i think if my girlfriend were to get locked up shed be the first one raped.#pussyreally bitchreally swerve
vulgar	Dumb ass bitches @ me next time
vulgar	How do people even get crushes on me. Im like a total bitch.
vulgar	look at my benz bitch I've been the shit
vulgar	cool story bitch, now pass the blunt bitch
vulgar	This girl stress me out , ion even have no hoes shit I be saying lol
clean	I feel sorry for anyone who paid for LIC because edc is trash music
vulgar	Queen Latifah the only dyke id contemplate fucking.. Rnswait...
vulgar	lol love you ;) little bitch
vulgar	When u want a cig but ur lovey gf won't go get them #potato ;) guilt trip city lil bitch
clean	Traded in my nikes for a new mic.. I guess it's safe to say he sold soles for his new life ... -bada$$
clean	There is a time a place 4 decaf coffee. Never in the trash. #MommyMonday humor via
clean	BEST ASIAN MASSAGE ON THE Brooklyn Park slope --TOP RATED SPA 718-622-0221 - 24
clean	BEST ASIAN MASSAGE ON THE Brooklyn Park slope --TOP RATED SPA 718-622-0221 - 24
clean	BEST ASIAN MASSAGE ON THE Brooklyn Park slope --TOP RATED SPA 718-622-0221 - 24
clean	BEST ASIAN MASSAGE ON THE Brooklyn Park slope --TOP RATED SPA 718-622-0221 - 24
clean	BEST ASIAN MASSAGE ON THE Brooklyn Park slope --TOP RATED SPA 718-622-0221 - 24
clean	BEST ASIAN MASSAGE ON THE park slope --TOP RATED SPA 718-622-0221 - 24
clean	BEST ASIAN MASSAGE ON THE park slope --TOP RATED SPA 718-622-0221 - 24
clean	BEST ASIAN MASSAGE ON THE park slope --TOP RATED SPA 718-622-0221 - 24
clean	BEST ASIAN MASSAGE ON THE park slope --TOP RATED SPA 718-622-0221 - 24
clean	BEST ASIAN MASSAGE ON THE park slope --TOP RATED SPA 718-622-0221 - 24
clean	BEST ASIAN MASSAGE ON THE park slope --TOP RATED SPA 718-622-0221 - 24
clean	BEST ASIAN MASSAGE ON THE park slope --TOP RATED SPA 718-622-0221 - 24
clean	BEST ASIAN MASSAGE ON THE park slope --TOP RATED SPA 718-622-0221 - 24
clean	BEST ASIAN MASSAGE ON THE park slope --TOP RATED SPA 718-622-0221 - 24
clean	BEST ASIAN MASSAGE ON THE park slope --TOP RATED SPA 718-622-0221 - 24
clean	BEST ASIAN MASSAGE ON THE park slope --TOP RATED SPA 718-622-0221 - 24
clean	BEST ASIAN MASSAGE ON THE park slope --TOP RATED SPA 718-622-0221 - 24
clean	BEST ASIAN MASSAGE ON THE park slope --TOP RATED SPA 718-622-0221 - 24
clean	BEST ASIAN MASSAGE ON THE park slope --TOP RATED SPA 718-622-0221 - 24
clean	@@@@ GRAND OPENING ! @@@@ TOP CLASS Oriental Massage PERFECT !
clean	@@@@ GRAND OPENING ! @@@@ TOP CLASS Oriental Massage PERFECT !
clean	@@@@ GRAND OPENING ! @@@@ TOP CLASS Oriental Massage PERFECT !
clean	@@@@ GRAND OPENING ! @@@@ TOP CLASS Oriental Massage PERFECT !
clean	@@@@ GRAND OPENING ! @@@@ TOP CLASS Oriental Massage PERFECT !
clean	@@@@ GRAND OPENING ! @@@@ TOP CLASS Oriental Massage PERFECT !/
clean	@@@@ GRAND OPENING ! @@@@ TOP CLASS Oriental Massage PERFECT !/
clean	@@@@ GRAND OPENING ! @@@@ TOP CLASS Oriental Massage PERFECT !/
vulgar	why lie you're my nigguh
vulgar	out bitch I'm winning
vulgar	I MOST DEFIANTLY WILL NOT let no bitch who FW a nigga I ALREADY HAD get the best out of me Fuccin wit my Hand-Me-Downs shit
vulgar	I keep that bitch on me , it's part of my fashion So nigga see me when you see me , catch me in traffic
vulgar	These bitches bound to get hurt cause a lot of these niggas be playing
vulgar	fuck your bitch
vulgar	ion have a bitch. So yeah. What's understood don't need to be explained.
vulgar	my sister is really going to fucken deny it but yet sprays the room with febreeze , like really bitch why are you going to deny it
vulgar	this bitch ask me why my jeans sag cuz they tryna hold my bandz up
clean	thots are wearing Uggs #ItsFallBecause negros are pulling out their Timbs
vulgar	some of you hoes too...
vulgar	when Tha bitches start hating that's wen a bitch lost me
vulgar	hoes round here just opening legs like Walmart doors
vulgar	Mfw some rachet ass hoe drops some scripture or religious stuff on social media
vulgar	_.. metal monkey balls!
vulgar	when bitches be doing too much on twitter
clean	when it's yellow outside
clean	-- nudes are trash
vulgar	All jokes aside , I'm goin thru it a niggah heart hurt smh . .
vulgar	All the hoes loyal
vulgar	And you know that I believe it , cause her pussy to mee... And she don't fuck with many niggahs , she don't fuck with any niggahs .
vulgar	Annnie say fuck that niggah , he soo weak ! He can't tell that you a freak That you ain't lookin for love ....
vulgar	August Alsina Deserved that My niggah .
vulgar	Baby moanin.... Got me zone'nn , I want this bitch next too me.... Pussy like ecstasy .
vulgar	Babyy moaaaanin Got me zone'nn...... I want this bitch next to me , pussy like ecstasy .
vulgar	Beat the pussy up till its red like rosters and after I fuck I get to moovin like the hoovas .
vulgar	Being in love stressful ma niggah .
vulgar	Bitch caught a body about a week ago ! Fuck with us and we get to tweekin hoe ! Run up on that niggah get to...
vulgar	Broke Tf outta this niggah at 24 He stopped playen defense and all
vulgar	Cause these hoes ain't loyal ! And niggahs ain't either ! When it go down you callin for hittas that you ain't...
vulgar	Cause these hoes ain't loyal ! These niggas ain't either , when it go down you callin for hitters that you...
vulgar	Club solo 1 deep , fuck a valet cause I parked on the street , lordddd knows You can't trust these hoes ,...
vulgar	Don't ask me if I'm in my Feelings cause I ain't no bitch I don't got those Tf . I'm sad , not in no fucking feelings .
vulgar	Elza M. Jones Was whipppppppen and drifting last night lol we was tu this ma niggah
vulgar	Entertain a flirtin ass niggah if you want too , That's gon be yo niggah friendly ass .
vulgar	From Freshman Year to Senior year , this really my niggah started being brothers 4 years ago TODAY . It's crazy...
vulgar	Fuccccck that was ma niggah from Cali swag R.I.P Jayare .
vulgar	Fuck her right in the pussy
vulgar	Fucking on the first night don't make you a hoe .
vulgar	Get some head off Twitter now niggahs that's bracken ima baby momma killa , yo bitch she can get it You...
vulgar	Got niggahs salty at meeeee cause yo dream bitch is ma main slide
vulgar	Happy birthday to my main niggah right here We been at it for a minute same dreams of bein rich and we...
vulgar	Hate a female that got the mentality of a niggah .
vulgar	Have you ever had sex ina cherry red vet witha fat trap Niggah keep that pussy sooo wet .
vulgar	Hoes on my mind , I fuck hoes all the time . #FatTrel
vulgar	I ain't trippen cause I like her anyways , she got a niggah and I got a girl but anyways , yea anyways
vulgar	I ain't trippen off you no mo I done dropped you Knocked 4owe I could Neva be a foo for a hoe I put...
vulgar	I don't like when niggahs be like where yo bitch at ? Na I'll check you on that idc who you is , mine you...
vulgar	I fw these niggahs everyday , Neva changed up , always been the same to a niggah . Been thru shit with ma niggahs .
vulgar	I guess a niggah just believe in ya that's proof for ya , can name a lot of things any other man wont do for ya...
vulgar	I hate a Guesss who just tried to talk to mee ass bitch
vulgar	I just feel like my mouthpiece so cold I'll give lessons to every niggah that ever got turned down , for the low cost of $24.99 Hmu .
vulgar	I know I Know I know . Them streets they fuck with me strong , and them bitches gon fuck just because money...
vulgar	I rather jack off then fuck hoes tbh , That shit boring give me a wife .
vulgar	I really don't give a fuck . Once you start that You got hoes , you fuck with bitches shit I'm deleting yo...
vulgar	I still don't got the time for a bitch to be actin iffy .
vulgar	I thinkkk shee knows , about , maaaa otheeeeeeeer bitch .
vulgar	I told this niggah Maya Angelo died.... This niggah gon ask me is that the Red Ninja Turtle ? Wtf .
vulgar	I took the bitch down In the set , yo bitch get around in the set , I dicked the bitch down in the set , yo...
vulgar	I will never date a female with another niggah name on her lol . Wtf .
vulgar	I wonder if you females out here ever just sit around and think bout how yall hoes or how unfaithful Yall really is .
vulgar	I wouldn't bring my girl around nobody but Leo He the only niggah I KNOW that wouldn't mess with any of the...
vulgar	I'm hard to kill , I'm countin cake up with ma finest bitch . Take off her makeup and she still look like a finalist .
vulgar	I'm not gon ever be that niggah that hit 300 likes on every picture , but I get WHOEVER I WANT PERIOD . ...
vulgar	I'm that niggah you can show out in public babbbbbbyyyy lol
vulgar	Id rather sit at the house all day and jack off then bust a mission to literally only chill with a bitch ...
vulgar	Idk why niggah give a female head then throw a condom on lmaooo niggah you already ate the whole STD
vulgar	If I ever put ma trust ina bitch , I'll always be hurt !
vulgar	If I ever put my trust ina bitch , I'll always be hurt .
vulgar	If yo new niggah can't dress better then me , or even close to looking better then me , dnt try to make me...
vulgar	If you get yo girl took don't be mad at the niggah who did it Be mad at her , Cause he don't owe you loyalty , she does .
vulgar	Ima kill that pussy straight murder that shit , and Ima eat it , eat it , eat it And lick it till it slaps . Aye .
vulgar	Ima pull up , eat on that pussy and dip ,
vulgar	Ima real young niggah witha muhhfuckin attitude Walk up I'm yo spot you would think a niggah mad at you .
vulgar	Ima young rich niggah Tryna fuck a niggah bitch , My ex a rat the Naybahoods be fuckin on that bitch , I...
vulgar	Indiana niggah you can tell from ma muhhfuckin grammar , I swear I got 3 hoes with me just like I'm Santa .
vulgar	Is this Jody ? The niggah that got ma Boo Pregnant ? The niggah that can't take responsibilities as a...
vulgar	It's just me ? Or do you NOT want nobody else Texting/Inboxing/Kiking/DMing/Snapchatting/Emailing/ Yo girl or niggah ?
vulgar	Just was old to me , a lil proton feel me ? Some bitches that's gon feel me , some niggahs that won't kill me .
vulgar	Lemme find out you didn't answer my call cause you otp with that niggah
vulgar	Leo Apolonio Look this niggah did a drive by on the bike
vulgar	Looked at my EX profile and she struggling with that weak ass niggah God Is Good
vulgar	Ma niggah Alsina be doin his thang .
vulgar	Make a niggah buy a ring for ya finger , Jimmies for ya feet Jeans for that back lingerie for the...
vulgar	Mann these hoes get nothin ! But some dick and instructions ! If she with mee she fucccccckn ! I said I...
vulgar	Mannnnn wake y'all bitch asses up Blood !
vulgar	My Charger got my fucked up Finna wrap the cord Tf around my phone this bitch finna charge today cuhz .
vulgar	My baby mama trippen and that bitch can shoot .
vulgar	Nah I ain't no hoe niggah , no bitch niggah , rich Niggah with the shits Niggah Getchu chipped niggah .
vulgar	Niggah said my girl off limits thirsty niggahs stay out her inbox But the bitch look like Kunta Kintes...
vulgar	Niggahs stay thinkin I want they girl Not nevvvvva niggah .
vulgar	No FEELINS for a hoe that ain't ma main thang , ma niggahs on the same thang all ma niggahs gangbang ,...
vulgar	O M G you like stop controllin me , I'm like bitch fuck you thought ? She like niggah fuck you mean !
vulgar	Ok ma Texas bitch keep textin me , callin cryin stressin me Bout where I been but I been with another bitch allegedly .
vulgar	Ok my Texas bitch keep textin me , callin cryin stressin me , askin me about where I been but I been with another bitch allegedly .
vulgar	On twitter say she ridin for a niggah . That's why I really fuck with her , she down to pull the trigger .
vulgar	R.I.P Deshawn . I don't know him but I know a darkskin niggah in the hood named Deshawn getting shot tonight .
vulgar	Ran a good game with my Royal niggah
vulgar	Said I ain't Neva love no bitcccccch , but these bitches steady lovin on me on me , ayeeee . So what am I...
vulgar	See I gotta get this money ma palms itchin , niggahs gossip like hoes most of them bitches .
vulgar	Shawty wanna tell me secrets on how to rap niggah , I tell that bitch it's more attractive when you hold it down .
vulgar	She drippen vanillaaaaa , she know I'm the pussy killaaaa .
vulgar	She herd I was a dope boy , I herd she was a gold digger , all I know is she a real bitch , so I fuck her like a real niggah .
vulgar	She love it when I talk to her crazy Suck a niggah dick , with a whole lotta spit let it drip Yea catch...
vulgar	She was mad for like 5 mins got over it and hit him right back up lol she care about that niggah .
vulgar	Somebody come look at this niggah right here * Kevin Hart Voice * lol
vulgar	Someone let me know why Drake so cold ? He my favorite rapper , this niggah HARD .
vulgar	South Central niggahs really don't be lovin these hoes , these hoes don't be lovin these niggahs . We just be...
vulgar	That fb profile checker thing fake then a mf , I just added some bitch yesterday and it had me on the top . Fuck fr ?
vulgar	That one niggah that grab the AUX cord and start playen weak ass music
vulgar	The hoes finna be like Owieee Trey , August , And Chris Brown can have my baby at the same time Lmfaooooooo Hoes ain't loyal .
vulgar	These niggahs bitches call they momma tell her come and get'emm ! It's either that it shoot him or shoot whoever with him .
vulgar	This Niggah Kevin Hart couldn't sit down lmaoooooooooooo My niggah My Niggah
vulgar	This be me Cuh went from Its time to settle down to Where the hoes at ?! .
vulgar	This niggah Yanni like hangin up on NIGGAHS in mid sentence .
vulgar	Up runnin these 2K fades with ma niggah Tyreon Leo KO'd lmfaoo
vulgar	Waaaaittt niggah holllll'up these niggahs come to town start wife'n my old sluts .
vulgar	Wake up I'm blessed Steaight Kush No stress Thankin God for ma success Ma bitches say I'm the best .
vulgar	With my Bestf Shyanna Pen and ma main niggah Ronnie A. Jackson III Movie bound after we pick up the homies
vulgar	Y'all complaining about thirst traps ? FR ? Theirs models that dress just like that ? Ass out and all STFU . Don't make you a hoe wtf .
vulgar	Y'all hoes get turned on for no reason Be Like owieee he got tats , he bang , wifi with no password My...
vulgar	Y'all like sayin money don't buy happiness , but name a niggah sitting in a Lambo crying ?
vulgar	You Deserve x August Alsina Im dedicating that to all my old side hoes .
vulgar	You gottttta be a mad a madddd niggah Sayin ma name ? I must've got you madddddd niggah
vulgar	You messin with broke niggahs you gon be broke niggah
vulgar	You niggahs actin like hoes , I can sale those !
vulgar	You tall tree ass females be 60 TALKIN bout Catching Feelings , bitch you need to catch this touchdown...
vulgar	when it comes to pussy I have no fucking friends - hostel iii is really what we're watching right now
clean	2 good: Jeter hero for Yankees in send-off via
vulgar	Cause they ain't her I aint eem watchin the awards yet, but why hoes hatin on Kim K?
clean	Eff it, let's go after the cripple: You have to see Wendy Davis new attack ad [video]
vulgar	Every bitch got a fat ass or she $3,000 from it #RNS
clean	Forget to salute, trash the other guy for the bad war (during Cairo II), sympathize w/ Pockistan, gays hurting morale. Thanks King!
clean	Scandal sex scene airs on ABC right after It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown, making parents angry
vulgar	Views from the 6 gon be Instagram picture titles for a while...brace yaself my nigs
vulgar	i drowned in ur pussy so i swam 2ur BuT. Easily the most eloquent message sent on Xbox Live.
clean	(U-turns on yellow) NO ACEPTAR ESTE LUZ ROJO! ( Lights taking too long make me bilingual )
clean	(con't) Also provide colored stickers to place on the nametags so that members can indicate their preferred pronouns.
vulgar	(looks over at oomf) Does pretending to have no bitches really work or nah?
clean	(via ) Charlie Angus is sending Made in China Canadian flag pins back to Conservatives
vulgar	*Bows down* Yes bitchmaster bitch
vulgar	*Does backflip* THISSSSSSSS!!! You niggas switch up your opinions like faggots
vulgar	*Gigantic What a big faggot. Chubbs bout to Earl.
vulgar	*Nicolas Cage unrolls dusty secret scroll* It says here James Madison was a whiny little bitch
clean	*Searches my yellow pages app for the nearest Jack In The Box*
vulgar	*Sings* I killed that pussy she died with her eyes open!
vulgar	*Teachers call you a pussy for not doing senior skip day*
clean	*after BO1 Bruh lol I retired after mw2 because everything was trash afterwards.
vulgar	*bitch breathes* me: could you not?
clean	*chops* *does bird call, flaps hands*
vulgar	*karate Karrenchi still a bird ass bitch
vulgar	*live ... lol what's wrong with these bitches man
vulgar	*loud Jamaican horns* Then why u still single? yall find the ugliest hoes attractive.
vulgar	*makes a wise argument about the accelerated Warholian notion of celebrity in the era of Vine* *passing teens mock my old wrinkled balls*
vulgar	*pops that pussy for singles*
vulgar	*pregnant crazy bitch wus the answer we were looking for...
vulgar	*puts people/bitch face on*
clean	*rubs hands like bird man
vulgar	*scrolling through fb* some hoe says need a man 2 cuddle in the cold with bitch nobody wanna touch your #ratchet ass!
clean	*squak squak squak squak* Me: bird shut up!!! *squak* Alex: that was an act of defiance
clean	*waits for Fanduel to hit me with the jig*
vulgar	+ 1 Joe Budden makes people delete their twitter accounts lmfao. He's pussy tho he blocked me
vulgar	+1 Otakon badge, now with what I'm going to lovingly refer to as my cripple ribbon.
vulgar	, why not animal crackers. i want animal crackers shaped like master chiefs and trolls and gun's and shit, thatd rule.
vulgar	-5 10. How many hoes do you REALLY have?
clean	-Can I help you? -Maybe. You gotta card for Sorry that tranny died in your motel room; now your wife knows. Heres an Applebees gift card?
vulgar	. requires soundcloud links and tumblr bitches; he MIGHT let you play his party then.
vulgar	... I just feel bad for the women that continually flock to such darkness. Thugs talk the big talk to simple minded hoes and to their own.
vulgar	... but bitches catch feelings after, all the damn time.
vulgar	... lol nah hoes we dealt with it so will y'all
vulgar	..........does nobody sell #orange flavored and colored #bubblegum? IS THAT YOUR FUCKIN PROBLEM? #Giants? Fuck it. I'm going #6Pack now
vulgar	....is now tweeting from a tablet....baller bitch!
vulgar	...and I'm goin back to school.. only for the hoes and a class or two
vulgar	...but if a SHOW about #Obama was called #Whitish ..........y'all motherfuckers would cry #racist like lil bitches. #Blackish
vulgar	...if Amber Rose can rock a bald head and a bald pussy then motherfucker so can I.
clean	. Yes indeed! Camels, ostriches and zebras! Sept. 5-7 #VCCamelRaces
clean	. loves Austin: Webber such a boon for . #6HCOTA
vulgar	. really does talk like a buck nigger
clean	. is running around town delivering food to people. If he takes out the trash too he is the perfect boyfriend.
clean	. Could you just play 2 minutes of the Charlie Brown wah wah wah adult sound effect instead?
clean	. doesnt it always feel like we go into the season with offensive concepts that we inevitably trash and then we get good?
vulgar	. Wow, impeachment. Look at you using your Vocab Workshop words. Guess we were only half wrong about you being a dumb cunt.
clean	. [street birds]: Homeless People Twittering in Amsterdam via
vulgar	. Hey you race baiting FBI informant bitch, where's your punk ass speaking for justice on this?
clean	. Try visiting at night for a real spook!
clean	. Thank you, Dawn. I see our state bird graces your avatar...
clean	. Klain's real (sole) job is to dampen down the mushrooming bad PR and political fallout heading into Nov election.
clean	. could be wearing a trash bag and she'd still be the stylish and coolest human I know
clean	. Al Qaeda's market share is dropping faster than Viacom Enron in the Jihadi stock market
vulgar	. s love of Obama is unrequited, however. Obama is clearly Putin's bitch.
vulgar	. with Putin pushing for land and China completely revamping their armed forces? You're a fucking retard. Stay out my country.
vulgar	1 baby Momma no bitch no wife like PAC u need a thug in ya life
vulgar	1 good girl is worth 1000 hoes
vulgar	1 loyal girl 1OO hoes
vulgar	1 more day bitches!!!!
vulgar	1 more game of 2k then I'm finish my new book ... John Grisham cold then a hoe
vulgar	1 thang i know these bitches come n go so keep em out your bussiness
vulgar	1 time for the lonely hoes watching #Scandal re runs
clean	1) no I'm not crossed eyed, I'm albino. Can't control that
vulgar	1) Vader is a Sith. Not a Jedi. Duh. 2) Vader is also a whiny bitch. 3) YODA IS MOTHERFUCKING YODA. #micdrop
vulgar	1, 2, 3, 4, 5 Im too drunk to walk, lets drive. I got bitches with me all night And the party dont start til the drugs arrive #Loaded
clean	1-100000 You are a semi-evolved monkey that is desperately searching for validation and meaning in life. BBQd you'd be ok with mango salsa.
clean	1-800-slap-a-hoe
vulgar	1. Pretty close 0 trash ass nigga Quote this and I'll guess your body count
clean	10 1.5 On average, 2. But I can be an 8 when need be. On a scale of 1-10 how ghetto are u?
vulgar	100 days til Christmas bitches
vulgar	100 mile dead zone radius around Philly...gotta go to NY or DC The tri state needs better bitches
vulgar	100s 50s 20s yea I like my money in order bad Asian bitch yea she look just like Kemora
vulgar	108 MIL And its cause of Romo bitch ass Dez Witten not eating
vulgar	11/19 w/ - the depot 12/19 - a pussyfootin xxxmas (hoe hoe hoe motherfucker santa claws is coming to town)
clean	12 oz arizona's trash
vulgar	12 was like Blocked bitch Don't start They are blocking us in #Ferguson
vulgar	13% shy 65% bitch 22% homosexual
clean	1300 for the eggs sunny side nicca ..
vulgar	15. Did twitter ever get you pussy/dick
vulgar	18 year old pussy tastes like hope.
vulgar	18 yr scrap from out here might get life in prison for murderin a norte nigga by el pollo loco off of story rd.
vulgar	187 how I'm killin these hoes
clean	1996 and 1999 World Series Rematch: #Yankees #Braves
clean	1X - The yellow tower by Gilbert Claes
vulgar	1st game of Fall 7s.. finna kill some hoes
vulgar	1wayhustle come get signed bitch we self paid.
clean	2 #iubb games when im in #bloomington #btown how good is that?! #ncaa #basketball #college #Indiana #iu #hoosiers
clean	2 adult human skulls found in trash
vulgar	2 bad bitches, 3 glocks, 4 choppas
vulgar	2 faced bitch
vulgar	2 or 3 hoes for everything
vulgar	2 thangs my bitch can't say, I'm broke n ha period late
vulgar	2 year starting on me on the street... so i put a fag out on him. #funnyguy
vulgar	2+2 not knowing wtf it is bitch
vulgar	2012-2013 seniors were chill as fuck. this years seniors are basic ass bitches
vulgar	20k tweets hoe, I'd like to thank all my supportive fans more tweets to come.
vulgar	21- you a bitch but you my bitch so we hella chillin. also thanks for tolerating me and being my friend.
clean	22 talented drivers I am really glad there haven't been any yellows. But why haven't there been any yellows??
vulgar	24_rozay_idgt mad cuz Twan fuck his bitch
vulgar	270 on flappy bird suck my dick and lick my balls #swag
vulgar	2Pac was real af on Temptations. Thats exactly how it be for niggas getting money and bitches
vulgar	2fine4cheapwine.com So who used my email address for this chat line? All these bitches hittin me up
vulgar	2k coaches are retarded who would put a 510 point guard at the 3 tho.
vulgar	3 millionaires just walked in why you tripping bitch you paid for the fight ? Lmao
vulgar	3 things i cant stand while dealing with a bitch! A. HIT FEET B. STANK ASS BREATH C. SKANK ASS WAYS
vulgar	3 years today I was a fucking retard and fell in love. Why was I so stupid? Wish I was coldhearted. #neverlovingsomeoneagain #dontneedanyone
vulgar	3-0-0 bitches fuck wid me
clean	30 mins for n to pick out a trash can @ meijer....now do u guys understand why I took 3 shots before this trip
vulgar	300 bitch we hot, we done took flight !
vulgar	35-11. Touchdown with :28 on the clock. Michigan some hoes.
vulgar	37- no, i dont like hoes
vulgar	4 fat hoes ina caddilac. U can tell they jus lost dey luxury car ride virginity#hoes too happy lmao
vulgar	4 stacks for the heels on my bitch feet, car seat still smellin like 10 keys.. Tell the plug that I'm lookin for a increase..
clean	420 moke up
vulgar	40 mins. Until that bitch drop
vulgar	416 we know ya bitch
vulgar	4th Beat my pussy up like i snitched on you and you had to serve time in a state correctional facility for 5 years.
vulgar	4th and long bitches
clean	5 bags of chips, 3 Rice Krispies, 3 seeds, 3 gummies, a pop tart, some crackers, 3 powerades, and a water yuhhh I'm good lol
clean	5:40 A.M. and still awake! YAY!!! Time to chug coffee and red bull for the foreseeable future and hopefully not pass out behind the wheel!!!
clean	5SOS is trash
clean	5am: Whizzing crackers! My cats got into the are now playing hockey with them. Lol. #crazycats
vulgar	5s are ugly thot bitch shoes
vulgar	5sos be like: come hang out with us!! but not if u fugly. oh and side hoes to the left thnx.
vulgar	5thharmony user followed then unfollowed me what a prude ass hoe
vulgar	6 217 on these hoes. I am not fat. I'm big boned. hehehehehe.
vulgar	6:07 AM .. Bout to match up wit dis nicca #DonnyDinero
vulgar	7 pounds never fails to make me cry. Im not bitch, I just relate to it
vulgar	7 years later and this bitch STILL didnt learn her lesson. lol I remember she was the first major nude leak of this generation
vulgar	7:15 needs to hurry up . It's chilly in this bitch
vulgar	8/10 of the girls u went to hs with look horrible now but don't wanna believe it....I'm bout to piss them Facebook hoes off with this
clean	85 species of birds reported in Chesterfield for the Great Backyard Bird Count. How many in your area?
clean	85 species of birds reported in Chesterfield for the Great Backyard Bird Count. How many in your area?
vulgar	90 percent yo bitch with me 100 percent that scrap with me
vulgar	90% of niggas goofy and act like bitches
clean	93 feature car 1 of 1503 yellow and black feature car. buck tag is on the radiator support. 67,3xx miles,...
vulgar	934 8616 i got a missed call from yo bitch
vulgar	95% of the truly talented people i've come across are retarded professionally. 95% of the awful, untalented people are on point and polite..
clean	99 percent of the trash we dump in the sea is missing. This is not a good thing
vulgar	99 problems but a bitch ain't 1
vulgar	99 problems but a bitch ain't one
clean	:) At some point, we need to discuss how delicious the vegan brownie from on u St. tastes!
vulgar	:/ well that sucks that Kobe is out now... he's still filthy, you can hate him all u want but if you dont have respect for him, ur retarded
vulgar	=== All good pussy comes with a price tag
vulgar	@ me bitch
vulgar	@ me tho This bitch wants to be included so fuckin baldly bruh!!!!
vulgar	@ the chick who is gorgeous and so fine but her pussy stinks
vulgar	@ the person who significant other a hoe and you the s/o cheating
vulgar	no bitch I had to use my whipers!!
clean	hick yes
vulgar	... That's what happens when your getting pussy. Pussy or Twitter? Seems like a clear cut choice to me. Hahahaha
clean	Charlie Sheen could coach better than Crusty Dusty. Yeah they hired Bryan Price, the pitching coach
vulgar	bitch you gross as fuck touchin them saggy titties
vulgar	I could fuck a bowl of graham cracker cereal
vulgar	bitch caught a body about a week ago. Everybody catching bullet holes.
clean	Hard to QA? Time is also a pain to mock out in unit tests...
vulgar	bitch
vulgar	nothing like waiting till the last game of the season to peddle it shit website #heeb
vulgar	fugly loose hoe
clean	#BlessJesus Yes,#Felt..and touched the soles of the humanity with stains and impressions that only leaves its reflections.
clean	#BooksOfGodWidom Proverbs 1:26 I also will laugh at your calamity; I will mock when your fear cometh;
clean	#HolySpirit God still share HIS #Secrets Amos 3:7 blessings #Jesus
clean	#Jesus Genesis 2:19 Out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the field and every #bird of the sky #Initiating
vulgar	bitch you fucking told me to sit in that seat and yo dumbass come again saying why you sitting there bitch #vote5sos
vulgar	fag
vulgar	bitches will be bitches.
vulgar	fuc her and her pussy nasty
clean	maybe not but you crow about obama and democrats so you are a mawbar....Might as well be a Republican.
clean	what we do with our foolish proud selves? Roll our eyes, pretend that we dont see, mock or laff at them, arrogant attitudes
vulgar	and he whips mommy with the belt. They have not arrested this black womans real nigger yet. She got what she wanted... death!
vulgar	he aint a real nigger, oh my bad a real nigga, but praise the sonsof satan for having not a realnigger qualitaties. Im hating?
vulgar	no wonder you run nose first for yo real nigger white devil massah's or any man pointing at another to convince u he is less
vulgar	..they cry over lost pussy, more emotional than a sissy. They get out front on hoes simple minds point brothas like me out
vulgar	them bitches need a tan
vulgar	it was old ratchet hoes Bruh
vulgar	pussy
vulgar	yu ah hoe
clean	. I wonder what Charlie Brown would have to say about these days.
vulgar	little bitch your ass is getting tased when I get home
vulgar	haha still a little bitch though
vulgar	Bc she's a cunt hoe bag
clean	She looks like a plastic monkey doll!
vulgar	Lmao Excuse me bitch?I am not Soundcloud
vulgar	go be cunt somewhere else
vulgar	stfu hoe and fucking answer me before I smack the shit outta you and your faggot aunt.
vulgar	so glad you did this! I'm still trying to figure out emoticons on this damn Motorola to give that bitch the finger.
vulgar	if it's trash I'm kickin yo ass
clean	reminds me of Oreos lmao
vulgar	all them bitches far as fuck from us. We got el gran pollo up this way and it serves us well.
vulgar	IYCMI. I can't get any work done if you keep showin off your bitches.
vulgar	ima act like I hit that hoe then pass it like I was earlier
vulgar	fag rhymes with gag.
vulgar	fuck you tony...you greaseball piece of shit-
vulgar	u said @ me hoe so I did...
vulgar	hoes
vulgar	if she do then she gone die too I ain't playin dawg bitches gone be ruthless then I will be too!
vulgar	push me on the wall slowly take my panties down and write alphabet with ur tongue on my tight pussy
clean	its time. amend 14th amendment it was written to protect newly freed ex slaves. Its lived its purpose. time to end anchor baby loophole
clean	I laugh Oreos and lady gaga on a Sunday day
clean	yeah I run over squirrels and coons
vulgar	bitches are hoes don't be surprised
vulgar	Hey, I don't always go there. Sometimes, these three crazy bitches and one suave MFer trick me into going with them
clean	Just watched the Llewyn Davis doc. Warm fuzzies abound
vulgar	what you laughing at hoe
vulgar	beautiful bride... Tell Erica congrats if she remembers a nig...
vulgar	lmao.. Brutal for the nigs who can't get jobs, lol..
vulgar	*sighs* 1. Not a bitch. I'm a woman. LEARN THE DIFFERENCE. 2. I KNOW I'm fat. 3. It's called a scarf, dumbass.
vulgar	Dr. Phil, I'm having trouble figuring out what my fat ass wants to eat, where are the drinks and the bitches?
clean	Have heard hillbilly grousings that bugs much worse in the KV since MIC shut down.
vulgar	and I just cleaned the entire fucking weight room. Looked like a tornado went through this bitch.C'mon franklin
clean	that's not ghetto. That's sweet and a movie quote. Try again
vulgar	they are little bitches when they are proven wrong. #MomsDemand #gunsense
vulgar	shut up bitch
vulgar	bruh I'm under 2 blankets like a bitch right now
clean	you're not ghetto tho. You can live in the hood and not be ghetto #facts
vulgar	no bitch
vulgar	man too much damn giggling was going. He was offering $40 tips and shit. Lol think I even heard the bitch spit a couple times
vulgar	two trash ass passes you know damn well you saw it too. on 2nd and 3rd down. before Santos won the game.
vulgar	yeah. can't lie tho spitting on a cop car right with their bitch ass in it feels damn good.
vulgar	You're a fucking pussy
vulgar	crusty hoe
vulgar	double up on this game bitch
vulgar	bitches tryna take all my money, g.
vulgar	why you talking to me at 5, almost 6am. We aint friends, pussy.
clean	I like my gross yellow heat lamps. Why?
vulgar	We've tried. Each time we go he just sits there in silence and I cry like a bitch and sweat.
clean	clams to be a comedy writer. #untrue
vulgar	Really?? Bro, that retard even missed the point of GreenEggsHam! It means don't knock it til ya try it!
vulgar	Yeah tht a bitch, we ain't gay Brah. Chill
clean	I may have just cried a tad #illmissu shiner
vulgar	Snapchat got hacked, all of you hoes about to have some explaining to do
vulgar	I've seen a number of bitches on here say there's no such thing as loose pussy lol. Ok
clean	no ghetto names
vulgar	nigglet
vulgar	imma bitch i know , leave me alone
vulgar	I don't be on the hoes but these hoes on my snapchat
vulgar	hell yeah I got bokoo hoes when I had my fro
clean	Big congrats to all! I expect him to be blogging on rube chat in a few days! Now get some sleep, you will need it!
vulgar	AlQueda doesn't use cell phones or the internet? Wow you #teabaggers are stupid
vulgar	bitches or wat
vulgar	haha shit niggah i wish
vulgar	lol bitches from riverside to LA ahah
vulgar	nah i thought u had to bitches lol didnt know peters girl was one of them lmao
vulgar	niggah lol i had 6 beers before i went to the bar then had 4 beers at the bar then got a 12pck on the way home lool
vulgar	bitch who do u love
vulgar	I was texting a bitch
vulgar	I'm on this hoe like this every night just be tweeting bullshit
vulgar	lol cause these hoes love me
vulgar	so y'all niggaz ain't never listen to no slow shit with a bitch
vulgar	lmaoooo hell naw bro I be up i haven't seen that hoe
vulgar	lol I was bout to say. Shit income tax in I'm Tryna find me a bitch for a couple weeks
clean	Please stay safe you guys! I love you so much, I hoe to one day meet you guys! happy Halloween :)
vulgar	that evil son of a bitch deserves everything that's coming to him
vulgar	niiice my nigga schinder pullin hoes
vulgar	bad bitch with me wonder where my manners go
vulgar	karma is a bitch
vulgar	bitch stop fucking playin with me you know wtf I'm talkin about
vulgar	this niggah be lying
vulgar	Seen a pic of nigs robbing a store. Caption said(protesting gos on in Fergerson). Lol. I don't like pigs either but wtf!
vulgar	them hoes was trash
vulgar	you trippin bitch
vulgar	real rap fucked that bitch lay up for the day that's really disrespectful like bitch u couldn't feel the throw up coming
vulgar	like a hoe gettin dick all day and then tonight she gettin more
vulgar	Stop being mean, bitch! ))))))):
vulgar	is my main bitch.
clean	I like them dark, light, Carmel, white, red, tan, yellow, blue, purple, green. It doesnt matter what color they are
clean	just remember to keep the skirt dark colored. It camouflages all that pan dimensional gore
vulgar	the hoes be by my house , we be at tony spot mf
vulgar	he said he got you in workouts pussy!!!!!!
vulgar	don't call my buddy Cambron retarded man smh. Thats rude.
vulgar	but can we all at least agree that you whining like a little bitch because someone threw your phone is absolutely hilarious?
vulgar	haha, says the little bitch who let someone take his phone. A real man wouldn't have let that happen. A little bitch would.
vulgar	so a man who is a pussy and a coward overpowered you and easily took what was yours? You are clearly much less than a man, then
vulgar	your incessant whining (like a worthless little bitch) is the funniest thing that has happened all weekend. You are not a man.
vulgar	yea that always looks nice.all the monkey faced women a see around Santa Monica. Looks better than natural beauty. #don'tBeDumb
vulgar	bet that some good pussy!!!
clean	don't feel like reading right now I wanna give a sexy coolie girl some lyrics via text message ;-)
clean	why? You wanna gimme a baby? You look coolie....it might could work lol
clean	I'm the trash
vulgar	You're dismissed bitch. Not in the mood for fucktards this morning. #Blocked
vulgar	The Cop was bitch slapped by this wanna B st. thug. And he got what TM got Dead See you don't slap cops they R law
vulgar	bitch would rather fuck a poster? damn... thats cold.
vulgar	Ali is a hoe for that
vulgar	Lol that hoe did numbers
vulgar	right , Come then what ? Wait another 9 months ? Naaaawwwww I could be pimpin these hoes lol
clean	Congrats Amos! :)
vulgar	Iheinz201 stfu! she thinks your ugly and hard to look at! get the fuck out of chat faggot before i block you Oct 30th 1am
vulgar	prego bitch
vulgar	shut the fuck up hoe ass bitch fuck squirtin ass cunt hoe
vulgar	smd bitch
vulgar	I would but I got dat new monopoly wit da cards.ill hold it up n see if a hoe will let a nigga swipe on credit
clean	That's a nice color combo too, love the blue and yellow.
vulgar	cry baby bitch
clean	the distant chugs at the end of Dried Up... remain to be some of the most perfectly heavy guitars ever recorded.
vulgar	I didnt call you a bitch, I just saiddd bitch. #Jeesh
vulgar	for some spook shit
vulgar	ain't nobody offending u fuckin peckerwoods I despise of a no good white ungrateful honkey
clean	Genius, the politically correct term would be intellectually disabled. It's highly offensive to use the word retarded.
vulgar	LMAO . The side ho gets all the real action anyways .
vulgar	she was the principle for a ghetto elementary school, I doubt it. But fingers crossed
clean	lucky monkey
vulgar	would this faggot survive in TJ?
clean	Hey Antony you speaks colored good
clean	Enjoy it,I'm happy for you,but I hate the Yankees,and yes the Sox did choke
vulgar	just don't bitch when your power goes out like last time
vulgar	pussy
vulgar	bitch FOH
clean	Well you got to see pom-pom Pete
vulgar	WHAT? Smdh another bitch
vulgar	fuck u ugly ass bitch
vulgar	nah u just a fag
vulgar	who invited this fag?
vulgar	I have class nig
clean	everybody mocks Obama .Hes an embarrassment to the USA.
vulgar	yeah, these bitches aint shit tho
vulgar	bitch see you then then bitch. And good luck to you.
vulgar	bitch you up and joined the fucking army and those of us around this bitch was like where the fuck rob go to the fuckin army?
vulgar	lol na bitches like crazy if the D good
vulgar	this bitch
vulgar	cut a bitch
vulgar	wheres my bitch wit my sammich then?
vulgar	bitch i got the flameeee
vulgar	until the world sees 2 faggot jungle bunnies are fucking and one got pregnant
vulgar	and on that note I'm out dis bitch
vulgar	bitches don't know if they wanna play basketball or look sexy bro
vulgar	bro you know I can't not comment on stupid shit like that..bitch Instagram a heart attack on a plate
vulgar	bruh bruh that bitch ain't loyal !
vulgar	hoes.
vulgar	wtf I DMd you bitch
clean	Jeff Luhnow is to blame for the Astros not blowing out the Red Sox and Yankees -HC
vulgar	nah im forreal both of yall pussies smell like some dried up crusty fish guts
vulgar	nah that bitch stank
vulgar	fuck u bitch
vulgar	These hoes ain't loyal
clean	It's a mutation. Genealogy is convoluted. Basically the zebra gene currieries are slaughtered=Extinction
clean	either way both schools are trash
vulgar	pussy ass schedule
vulgar	go to sleep faggot!
vulgar	your the one keeping me up faggot!
vulgar	i can not wait to see this fucking cunt. Her ass is mine.
clean	Johnny football is trash man. Trash. Lol.
clean	I miss you!!! *Eating as we speak* I miss you red bone and that cooking !!
vulgar	bitch add me
vulgar	I could have died.. I called my mom a bitch lmao
vulgar	bruh did go out like a bitch thoe lol that should not be his final match
vulgar	lmao omm you see the bitch tryna act like she ain't feel it ahaha
vulgar	lol his matches from the early 90s when he was IC champion the bitches really would go ham
vulgar	so ppl are pissed off basically saying if we have to suffer, you will too. Tourching tht bitch
vulgar	you're our bitch though
vulgar	Just come stop in this bitch cause im bout to get off
vulgar	niggas be on pussy shit
vulgar	cause you're a sexy bitch
vulgar	bitch where you been
vulgar	no I bitch and moan not tears!!!
vulgar	oh so that's the bald bitch
vulgar	if u cant talk without talking about ur cunt mama im thru talking
vulgar	man shut yo bord ass up ! Want some hoes ? Cdfu stay fuckjng wid me on here mann
vulgar	he's fucking trash
vulgar	lmfaoooo that's some fag shit man.
vulgar	Me, too! :-D Dick and pussy is too precious to give up and be ruined by some bullshit that was done to me.
vulgar	finger my throbbing pussy slowly as i cum on ur face
vulgar	this account is so incredibly retarded.
clean	Time for Ranger scouts to head out and watch some Yankee prospects. #rangers
vulgar	yours a dyke
vulgar	bishhhhhh waasup where this bitch up
vulgar	good dnt be a sucker for these sad mad bitches,
vulgar	just followed me. On Vice Lord dats rns. I been listening to this nigga since Magic. Almighty on you hoes!
vulgar	= got all the hoes
vulgar	that's meant toward my dads gf shes a bitch dude
vulgar	quit bein a little bitch B
vulgar	hoes twerking heavy to that
clean	for two year old Oreos?-_-
vulgar	fuck no my school boring and ghetto
vulgar	I put this bitch to shame
vulgar	bitch what?
vulgar	hoe b4 bros..smh.
vulgar	I'm otp bitch hold on
vulgar	get this nigguh of this streets
vulgar	grindin cuzz thats all shit dont stop wats good witcha thou bitch you been mia too
vulgar	you already know ima keep it trilla...Happy Bday lha bitch i love yu nigga!
vulgar	right in the pussy
vulgar	omfg you elitist bitch no one cares what you think! go fuck yourselves are you in china anyway?
clean	Biden was a winner last night? Yea right like Charlie Sheen Really was a a winner too.... #winning lol
vulgar	glad you brought that kid home, but he fucked up and should face the UCMJ. don't care about Taliban pussies really.
clean	l voted and supported u and u pulled the rug out from under us, a nation and worse, cuz were not in your circle were trash.
vulgar	make weed legal you pussy you know you smoke that shit
vulgar	wow and there are white people and there are crackers. Guess which one u are.
vulgar	a moment of silence for the bitch who changes her name everyday ..:-)
vulgar	Am not gonna shut shit up bitch but u can get yo punk ass out there hoe ass nigga
vulgar	oh really and that's word where u be at then I wanna see what bout then, I don't wanna hear what u gonna do I want see it bitch
vulgar	. U lame then a bitch get the fuck with that gay shit
vulgar	. Wigga wigga wigga wigga wigga
vulgar	Dear Daily Mail, you misogynist pile of twats!
vulgar	salon is is chuck full of butthurt liberal retards
vulgar	nigga said I woke up in a bed fulla bitches that I ain't een fuckin but idc his shit bout to be 10x harder
vulgar	my grandpa has better comebacks and he's dead you faggot go outside and let go of your little ass dick for a minute
clean	whoever made this twitter doesnt like the Lakers... they r making a comeback but this accnt still continues to trash talk em
vulgar	dumb bitch stfu
vulgar	im Tokyo but I get higher than a jet. Killing these dog ass hoes had to send em to the vet! Produced by
vulgar	And just what is that bitch gonna do for women?
clean	I am one proud hillbilly.
vulgar	Obama's bitch!
vulgar	nigger lol thts offensive .....lol and my xmas was iite had a couple of drinks so i was fine ninja xmas ...lol
clean	Dat cat gonna scratch all up on dat colored boy and he gonna end up in da chow mein
clean	alas, I am proficient in neither. my skills are limited to pointless stat memorization + trash talk.
vulgar	do this nigga think he mick foley ?
vulgar	I just don't want one these new bitches that morphed in to a super playa because she see how the world is
vulgar	boats and hoes
vulgar	well looks like I'll be buying you two a big bitch box of Busch NA
vulgar	niggah follow me back
vulgar	lmfaoo yu stupid lha bitch i been knowing you for about 10yrs you never had a hoe...EVER
vulgar	not to yall thou! Yalll fucking glad bag trash
vulgar	tell that boy he a hoe i just called him
vulgar	yall fucking trash boyy!!! #gladbagflow
vulgar	bitch my mom didn't call you
vulgar	lmfaooo oh well fuck that bitch
clean	She's just another straight-up conscienceless liar. Soulless criminal trash.
vulgar	my bitch bruhhh !!!
clean	deserved victory! #Elite8 awaits your #Orange army. #Sweet16 was no disgrace #collegehoops ill be back next time #hoosiers
vulgar	too bad hes a faggot
vulgar	you far asf too nigguh
vulgar	Bruh that won't happen cuz I can see that big bitch or it before it strikes.
vulgar	did you get your volcano yet faggot
vulgar	she prolly got some bomb pussy too. Lol I hope haha
vulgar	bitch
clean	happy birthday you dirty little bird tear it up
vulgar	she gone eat that bitch
vulgar	I bet he would have gone ape shit and killed them all if they attacked Muslims.
vulgar	what the holy fucking hell is going on at the EPA, those over-zealous cunts, I can't wait for 2016
clean	Or as I like to put it looking through race colored glasses
vulgar	Send all the fucking muzzies home, now doj come and get me motherfuckers
vulgar	place pussy on stache let pussy take ride
vulgar	aye were da fawking ginzos of fawking queens and fawking nassau
clean	copy my tweet again you ginzo
vulgar	lets record a song bitch right nowb
vulgar	lol so retarded
vulgar	lmao bitch shut up
vulgar	what's up my bitches?! Shout out from your momz in Cali! Keep doin what u do. #loveit
vulgar	The only one of Mary's friends I like so you other bitches don't exist
vulgar	do these bitches really love Mosa though #MosaGang
clean	Dare be only one bag dat folks be suckin on what I comes to yo partayyyy! All da ofay be wantin to ride in my eldorato
vulgar	Dat means get the fuck out hoe I be thinkin
vulgar	Y'all be some crazy white bitches. I wants to lay down wit you bowf.
vulgar	not sure. I think most women have self hate therfore collectively women are bitches becomes their campaign and men follow
vulgar	yes. Why protest about sexism then go right home and beg for a guy to beat your pussy up? Im lost at times
vulgar	bro that hoe live
vulgar	nice Avi lil nigger
clean	well that's some cracker jack secret service work there. jfk anyone?
clean	Historical point: cracker was a term for the Irish settling in the woods of the mid-Atlantic. Hardly offensive.
vulgar	You're killin me man! 3 Not all conservatives are racists, just like not all NBP hate honkies.
vulgar	chill cuz you'll regret it bro, your hitting that hoe rn why quit?
vulgar	Blah. If people are determined to think of you as a condescending bitch, it's their loss.
vulgar	Ha bitch, I'm pickin up beach babes left n right on the West Coast
clean	bandana Orian. They called me trailer trash for wearing my lil country getup
clean	chicken fried steak it is boys mash potatoes gravy green beans corn an ice cream an brownies for after
vulgar	Rollin coal bitches ready to blow ready set GO!
clean	thanks Hun! Haha
vulgar	bitch got the crew hype an still got her ass beat tonight should have brought him to us
vulgar	always eatin good wit my niggah, and good lookin on the cd my boy got some heat now i can bump some bangers
vulgar	fosho my niggah il be over there just been real busy lately
vulgar	yeah that niggah played good, lowkey i wanted brazil to win
vulgar	now that ur tour over come kick it with ya nig in the MIA....
vulgar	the Jacob and Joshua picks have been very similar. As the love for faggot Ruslan as well #2accountsGate
vulgar	yeah...bitch!
vulgar	seriously.. After that first conversation on your status he fb messaged me calling me a fag lololol
clean	He promised to stand with the muzzies, so...
vulgar	fuck off bitch.
vulgar	ur weird, racist bitch.
vulgar	no u eat it inbred trailer trash.
vulgar	Let the hoes tell it man..
vulgar	Lesson 12 don't pass out at before 12 like a lil bitch
vulgar	slap a taco in thT hoe face
clean	I have never once in my life been to a coffee shop like Starbucks. I am a hick though.
vulgar	lmao angela you look like a damn potato bitch, keep talkin
clean	pearl jam: yellow Ledbetter
clean	There's a reason why the Yankees don't want Anderson any longer.
clean	I've had shots go off where yellow smoke
vulgar	awnser the phone pussy
clean	they trash
clean	That's ghetto for super duper! It's the current generations best complement.
vulgar	pull my panties down with ur teeth and write the alphabet w ur tongue on my throbbing pussy
vulgar	I trip on acid not bitches.
vulgar	lmaooo naw nigga imma stay right in your mentions hoe
vulgar	nigga I didn't have no change.yall some hoes for Tryna shoot know y'all can't shoot
vulgar	wake your ass up hoe
vulgar	fight that shit say you're on free lunch and they must have the game fucked up cause you're colored like the rest of them
vulgar	thats shit gon be the death of these hoes...ion like it...
vulgar	lmaooo roosters is hot trash bro u know it
vulgar	get that degree first bitch
vulgar	I'll say it for you.. Do ya woman want you on the couch in plain sight or outchea with these bitches? Simple.
vulgar	describing New Pussy like a Baltimore Love Thing out this bitch.
vulgar	She is a bitch ! This mess is all BO's fault! ALL OF IT!
vulgar	I know I was playing that hoe start on the 20 tho
vulgar	you got some hoes here yet?
vulgar	at least he went up and wasn't a bitch
clean	I realized it's the one on Link's Awakening too, so you killed two birds with one stone. Unless you're getting the Wind Fish too.
clean	Well...how about those Yankees this year? What a run. #wtfiswrongwithnebraska
vulgar	I'm not Mexican enough for the real beaners yet too Mexican for the Americanized beaners :(
vulgar	that you got hoes damn
vulgar	then what the hell are the perks of being your hoe? This is some bullshit
vulgar	ugh your with Tebow? You're officially a fag now and in followed.
vulgar	Can I beat this bitch up?? Seriously....what a bitch
vulgar	Damn you bitch you never answer me anymore... LMAO JK ILY! Anyway glad of your first show, be safe when going to the next one
vulgar	YOUNOW is a fucking bitch... Shit load of hate on there when I did my first broadcast
clean	my trick is I wait for the bird to get close to the pipe and then tap the screen! So you never hit your head.
clean	ja moest van plisie niet meteen wild gaan denken.Juistja,willen wel meer mensen mij vertellen hoe k moet denken
vulgar	I gotta see that hoe in person cause I'm sleeping on that hoe for now
vulgar	da fuck that hoe look sad
vulgar	lol he still a lil bitch
vulgar	hoes not women, like to be the center of attention
vulgar	We niggas like fuckin roaches. Let one in and you hot dam infested. You a crazy bitch. I dig yo ass
vulgar	these kids are pussies. We got a white trash kid a ThugNasty wanna be up in here
vulgar	take your queer ass dubstep out of here
vulgar	We had a Pacer in the 70s I member loving when Hair of the Dog came on the quadraphonic stereo so I could say bitchlol
vulgar	lmao u ain't a savage these hoes for everybody
clean	ATL, BVB, SWS, PTV, THE RELAPSE SYMPHONY, SET IT OFF, FAREWELL, MY LOVE, MAYDAY PARADE, FOB, PARAMORE, etc
clean	we gunna laff at Chava/Rubio beaner supporters in a min
vulgar	I didn't spoil anything you should have been watched it nigger nig nog
clean	the kikes want to charge you dollaz for the complete version
vulgar	all I remember was the fat bitch stealing the KFC bucket hauling ass
vulgar	post the bid where you tell that nig to use the jab
vulgar	Wait,wait,wait, The new one or the EP?Son of a bitch Lucky ;)
vulgar	I've decided that #BullsNation are retarded. #love
clean	Huh.....last 10 games..Tampa 8-2/Balt 7-3/Yanks 6-4...and they lost their best pitcher. Please explain your logic.
clean	Sounds like they are holding back info.......Yankee shill
vulgar	Hookers are always complimentary-who wants to be with a bitch?
clean	That game winning hit in Thursday capped a great career. The guy is a 1st ballot HOF. Or else.
vulgar	pussies
clean	Eating a roasted potato and smiling till my cheeks are sore; the crow SFX in this Cape Crisis are super-great
clean	tx trash you know trouble w ACA is in GOP gov states but like you report lies anyway
clean	tx trash your show was a disgrace this AM engaging w disrespecting the President
clean	racist tx trash enjoy your high along with gop win a substitute for racist loss!
clean	there isn't a green one either. There's red and yellow in that pic...
vulgar	I jus wanna let you know OKC trash, IBAKA ain't shit, y'all ain't goin nowhere without Harden
vulgar	Spurs bitch that's the team, you dont want no problems
vulgar	you need your ass whipped with a whip Mr house nigger, remember u will always b a nigger to them!
vulgar	bitch mind your business
vulgar	oh you mean like how you started to be a cunt to JP about something that has nothing to do with you?
vulgar	your man looks terrified in that picture. Do you beat him? Or just treat him like a regular bitch?
vulgar	Now, mfa don't wanna spend a dime wit em. Prolly out here yelling money over bitches.
vulgar	I just really miss you and I know we can drink it off and talk about all of our problems like basic bitches
vulgar	waddup doe Lil nicca
vulgar	Punk ass bitch. #BullsTalk
vulgar	i wanna be that white nigga chillin in my mini cooper just throwin money at bitches
vulgar	press start bitch
vulgar	a fucking verse from Don trip bitch stop assuming shit
vulgar	who ever said this is so dumb. My moms a cop ill have her track you down for being a lil bitch. Kay bye(:
vulgar	that nigga was eating that hoe lol
vulgar	you da realest bitch out here Amber
vulgar	hoe ass nigga.
vulgar	sockin bitches in they mouf
vulgar	ghetto ass Pocahontas .
vulgar	my bad bitch im logged in on everybody shit
vulgar	wussup bitch
vulgar	bitch im too mad im finna throw this bitch outside
vulgar	bitch u 1
vulgar	bitch u bs how fck yah
vulgar	dam bitch
vulgar	wussup bitch
vulgar	das new bae , my bitch bad or naw lmao
vulgar	bitches aint shit
vulgar	I can't bitch
vulgar	bitch I know stfu
clean	no , a pop wop
clean	pop wop and drop it tho
vulgar	to lay up w my bitch
vulgar	umm bitch hello I was not alive so I clearly DOBT have it
clean	we in this bitch finna get crunk eyebrows on double PAPP
vulgar	You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
vulgar	elissa is such a fake cunt
clean	That's where I saw the leprechaun. He told me to burn things.
vulgar	all hoes singing it too
vulgar	damn that hoe just came out but look at how many hoes said his shit jamming on my shit
vulgar	lmaooo I wanted them hoes she was suppose to hold em
vulgar	lmaooo niggas ain't but hoes is I think I'm winning
vulgar	lmaoooo Beiber get these hoes wet big bro I'm Tryna tell you
vulgar	me either but if the bitch like put on that Beyonc nigga ain't gone hesitate
vulgar	whatever turn them hoes on z-Ro ain't gone get the bitch wet
vulgar	I fuck with Takeoff nigga get on the bitch and just snap
vulgar	lol that hoe for 5yr old
vulgar	naw where can I see that hoe at
vulgar	wiz had a warrant like a bitch
vulgar	yea he coming back him big rod doing something for that hoe
vulgar	NFN you bitch to much.
vulgar	I'm not Hollywood at all my nig, u brought me to twitter n bounced
vulgar	a young nigga turned into Mr. CATCHMEIFYOUCAN....I'm in da field my nig #WEDAOPPS #FUKEMWEBALL
vulgar	he a real nigga tho, that bitch know her place
vulgar	weeknd dont save hoes b, idunno bout Drake
vulgar	weeknd make muzik for the hoes b, im tryna meet these women he be talkin bout
vulgar	What can I say, Im a stubborn son of a bitch.
clean	als je over Syrie tweet, volg maar, zij komt er vandaan zal je precies uitleggen hoe of wat.
vulgar	bitch im 17? And i didnt follow you..? Hahaha
vulgar	haha i dont remember following you but ok? Get your pannies out of of bunch cunt
clean	PS3 and case is still in the trash can. idgaf anymore
vulgar	Damn i wanted to buy that bitch that shit was tough
vulgar	I know bro nigga seen a 71 African playing Guard and was handling the hoe
vulgar	Lebron brought the bitch down to his knees chill
vulgar	who all in that hoe
clean	that would cripple our military :)
vulgar	bitch
vulgar	bitch I'm not coming no more you said your making plans !
vulgar	bitch I'm talm bout at like 10
vulgar	bitch ion got no attitude sorry hoe I'm shaded Rn
vulgar	bitch you NOT either bye
vulgar	bitch you still subtweets but not replying though
vulgar	oh bitch but you couldn't answer mine when I needed a paccage delivered to your house ! So Fucc off
vulgar	omg bitch go to sleep it was JUST a coincidence huh ?
clean	I didn't think you knew of a bird that couldn't be tamed. #cajuncharm
vulgar	she's wearing the same shirt, what a bitch.
clean	Oh no! Sorry Hun. That sucks. Hope you heal fast. #dancerproblems
vulgar	self low down black bitch?
vulgar	negro please...I got a job now lmao
vulgar	shoulda told her yeah if I can take you home for pussy lol
vulgar	bitch bye you can't get it
vulgar	bitch is you drunk or nah
vulgar	it's almost ya fucking birthday. So act right niglet
clean	no it's yellow fin. It's in edgewater
clean	yellow fin
vulgar	would I be a bitch if I said yea but never told you where I stay at?
clean	ewwww her nips are DEF more perfect than that
vulgar	You/ brought it up first with the allusion that she's a hoe.
vulgar	text me niggah!
vulgar	yes because I too want to be fat and have a fat bitch wife
clean	really? are my nudes trash?
clean	naw Bryan said it was trash hotel so we're staying somewhere else
vulgar	way to delete your tweets you stanky bitch
vulgar	pussy
clean	oh i am.. She cool though, might off her a brownie lol
vulgar	these bitches need guidance.
clean	Hi Charlie
clean	Hi Charlie, have a great day
clean	Come on Charlie! OUR GOVERNMENT WAS JUST TRYING TO PROTECT THE DESERT TORTOISE! Atleast, that's what Barack Obama Says...
vulgar	Homeee fag
vulgar	I was 200 bitch
vulgar	you become retarded
clean	ima get this so every time I throw trash away its where it really belongs
vulgar	Vegeta a super hoe then. But he did snack Goni up something fierce during Buu saga :wow:
vulgar	cause hes a faggot
vulgar	Dunleavy, my cracker ass honkie
clean	if McCoy wasn't trash that's a TD
vulgar	fucc droppin songs when yu gon drop a mixtape nicca
vulgar	damn! Thot I blocked ur fuzzy butt. Have now.
clean	chink thats better then having the rug rats running around yah crib girl enjoy life lol
vulgar	ok! you billy goat hair hillbilly
vulgar	you said good bye dumb bitch snd i said ok..what is it with you white devils...i have nothing for you vampire lover of blood
vulgar	you motherfuckin bullshit slingin son of a whore! you disgraced all vets with ur crap. now go off to pussy land where u belong
vulgar	dont be a bitch.
vulgar	pussy ass nigga.
vulgar	Dawson and Nicky Hickman delete the fake account and and stop being bitches
vulgar	Right in the pussy
clean	gun sales have skyrocketed. Gun crime has fallen sharply. Any claim to the contrary is using fuzzy math.
clean	#askim5 would you rather drink squirrel pee or Johnny Depp's wig in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory?
vulgar	fugly bitch john will dump ur ratchet ass
vulgar	ugly flat chested prude ass white bitch
vulgar	So I guess that makes us blacks double niggers, huh?
vulgar	naw u just retarded kinfolk lol
vulgar	Did you just call My Sweet Baboo a ho?!?!
vulgar	and btw don't ever bring up past hoes wit yo ol lady I took that L in HS tryna be semi honest smh
vulgar	why she a hoe we know about 5 dudes that hit Kim, 5 these hoes out here doing that in a week
vulgar	- remember when we played plaquemine they kept calling our whole team gay Lydia said I'll turn all you hoes out, fwm!
clean	she wasn't saying she did, but yes me and Kannon have both been in the ghetto and know what it's like so u look dumb.
vulgar	I would dead upper cut that bitch
vulgar	maas mermaid and sharkette pussy
vulgar	my nigga what her pussy smell like?
clean	the new nip dropped today rii?
vulgar	c'mon pussy
clean	Penske runs the 22 in NASCAR. It's yellow. There's a sponsor already there. #WouldMakeALottaSense
clean	his defense is trash, and he's been rocked by Jesus Soto Karass, and Diego Chaves.
vulgar	I'm in this bitch on some insomnia shit. Been in bed since midnight.
clean	Waco is ghetto hahaha. Wait til we go pick up nat in Austin tomorrow
vulgar	someone sent this to me months ago bitch
vulgar	lmaooo coley just whammmmed him add this to it swervee bitch
vulgar	bitch dat was a low blow
vulgar	bitch dats yo sahara desert ass
vulgar	bitch do I look white to u
vulgar	bitch kill yo self
vulgar	bitch stop takin my shit ooo I hate u u dumb bitch
vulgar	bitch watch tf out u on moose meat now
vulgar	didn't I just say I thought u told me to delete them so I deleted them bitch
vulgar	fuck u u dumb ass bitch hoe
vulgar	lol bitch u forcin it have a glass of water bitch u a lil thirsty for the puss thang
vulgar	my bad bitch ayeee
vulgar	yes bitch I do realize dat
vulgar	damn son maybe he didn't know it was ya piece.. He was just Tryna get some pussy breh
vulgar	nigga byeeeee lmfao I'll be dammed if a fag stole my girl
clean	I didn't know #whitetears were blue and yellow! #lessonoftheday
vulgar	And a major league bitch too!
clean	dat is one ugly animal but da monkey is adorable.
vulgar	im goin now so be expecting to get slept faggot
vulgar	hahaha thanks bitch!!
vulgar	thisty hoe
vulgar	bitch my phones gonna die in serious I got hot pockets
vulgar	*hoes
vulgar	damn bro.. ps4 trash lol
vulgar	just found u and fuck is my cock hard! Love your dripping pussy
vulgar	god wrote em now think again coon
vulgar	hell Idk who did but that pussy better be golden
vulgar	lmaoooo aye people person so you know lil Rico got hoes hahaha
vulgar	I thought you'd get the hint that we know you're a fake cunt and delete your fake account.
vulgar	these hoes really out here
vulgar	The same guy who thinks he can slang around bitch without it being offensive, apparently.
vulgar	Don't make me draw you like one of my Franch bitches, heffa.
clean	I miss Tupac rap offs hillbilly
vulgar	cause of the loads of pussy you get right
clean	look at you with yellow fever.
vulgar	cuz people at work are bitches they shit talkers and yeah dude I need a girls night out -___-
vulgar	haha yes niggah but yesterday night Idk man it hit me at night like around 2 in the morning didn't go to sleep till like 4..
vulgar	see bro pussy changes you
vulgar	yeah bitch hit me up when you get friend zoned Brody
vulgar	yeah right pussy !
vulgar	he's a cheating wetback
vulgar	he called the Kidd a pussy or something
vulgar	I couldn't find the regular one faggot
vulgar	I likes yo page. I wants to make da lovin to a white girl wit a colored man watchin and pullin his weenis
vulgar	cdfu bitch you fried
vulgar	Makes you a pussy. Making stupid internet threats. You're a child and if it is about you which idk if it is, it's probably deserved.
vulgar	go buy them bitches
vulgar	shown* a tiny kitten you dumb fucking cunt
vulgar	plot twist he is a faggot
vulgar	my brother. Where tf you been at negro
vulgar	You ready to make this stats test our bitch?!
clean	I run CP in our community. Local cops treat ppl like trash for that. I hate it. Makes ppl think its a waste
clean	why are you showing Yankees game in arizona when you promo Washington huskies game? I bet would want my business
vulgar	some people do shit to get shot at and then be like people hate me, I dodge bullets. Karma is bitch.
vulgar	mane y'all niccas crazy af wiz old shit got niccas bitin his style n errthan
vulgar	Chatt niccas love doin dat brah
vulgar	lol hell ya dey think a nicca down der #roadrunnin
vulgar	bitch yu not safe!
vulgar	I view hackers on the same level as shoplifters - bitch slapped into the lake and held until drowning. Harsh, but yeah. Hate.
vulgar	I bet I can pull at lease 3 bitches with them
vulgar	look at ur avi u fag
vulgar	you a bitch Dennis
vulgar	bitch don't b a hypocrite
vulgar	cuz I was gunna smoke u out today. U a bitch tho
vulgar	see thats all gill and green bitch ass they didn't help me get my schools either. Y'all still in the tournament
vulgar	you my niggah though Daniel! Lol
vulgar	you a poop. :( see I'm going all ghetto talk. Wtf!
vulgar	I'm Finna DM you the pic Bruh these hoes funny
vulgar	my nicca
vulgar	y'all niccas spark up
clean	he wasn't training gook boy doe
vulgar	you. A bitch too
vulgar	I'm here now hoe
vulgar	I guess that dumb bitch but we all need to drink some time my place an fuck someone up haha
vulgar	laying in bed bout to pass out 630 is gonna be a bitch
vulgar	haha just kiddin but ya we should and get that fag to come and well go fishin or some shit
clean	you're from a trash can
vulgar	pulled up in that bulbasuar, you know I'm bout to make yo girl pussy sore
vulgar	bitch I got some bloods dat hang in la
vulgar	fuck off lil bitch, prolly gotta lil dick
vulgar	gotta keep your bitch in check
clean	It's idiotic opinions like this that make polls less than trash. Polls weren't a problem when people with integrity were voting.
vulgar	choke on bread bitch
vulgar	ya girl is a slimy ass hoe. get her under control and tell her to stop spraying bullshit out her mouth all day
vulgar	Hell na !! Hes a honky brah
vulgar	pussy
vulgar	no I wuz just making a general statement. I've never called u a bitch
clean	he's still a pogue though
clean	....available online soon? I didn't have enough to get it after my Anathema merch. It's a cracker, I need it. Can u.....
vulgar	I know these hoes ain't right
vulgar	ya but you can't because its a real account dumb bitch I go to wams fucking bitch
vulgar	nigga grow some balls and concentrate pussy!!
clean	It's showing Fairy blocked me
clean	Rather than believe that there was a man who was the very definition of good, u mock it.
vulgar	dude I was pissed but then looking at it I fucking died at least I'm the most yoked ape
vulgar	I'd sell anything if people are willing to buy it, how highly do prostitutes think of their pussy to sell that
vulgar	bitch ass nigga Rico
vulgar	awe boy your shirt tight than a bitch in that avi polo man turnt into a wrestler fat ass lil boy
vulgar	boy look like a Slave on that hoe
vulgar	lmaoooo middle school knocking down all the pussy with the earrings on my shirt and no French toast
vulgar	No problem, remembering all those quirks can be a real bitch.
clean	the giants are trash...their time is over.
vulgar	come over hoe
vulgar	perfect smoking weather haha bro I ain't even in my hood yet and I already got hoes trying to say was up from other towns
clean	Well, dirty bird could be just a middle finger, since it's the phallic giving the bird. Not necessarily a wobble-wibbler.
vulgar	all bitches eh. hahah
vulgar	i just cant stand how people get all fucking amped about it, especially whiny bitches that even get scared at it
clean	Kendrick is not better than papoose or drake
vulgar	nigga fuck you. Some plano schools go hard then a bitch way better than Richardson.
clean	mixtape sell sole got some bangers!
vulgar	I was lucky to be sensible and I've never had a fag or a drug. I'm pleased about that statistic. Yes I have a beer but that's all.
clean	Can't even spell right. You have the brain of an ape
vulgar	another black man? What does that have to do with anything? Once a monkey, always a monkey, Chicago idiot
vulgar	idk , I gotta think about it cause them bitches small as shit
vulgar	that ugly ass picture and thanks bitch
vulgar	she might be the one DONT be a bitch
vulgar	I couldn't care LESS about these bitches!!!
vulgar	the fck? dem bitches always got sum shit wit them....
vulgar	- pussy purp.
vulgar	hey bitch if your gonna talk shit tag me and quit being such a bitch how did I fuck up the car? Cause it won't hold air dumbass
vulgar	shut your mouth you little fuckin bitch
vulgar	you dirty little bitch
vulgar	lol tell dat white bitch I said hey
vulgar	I'm coming bitches.
vulgar	u knw me homie!!! show the bitches no love!!!
clean	McRib buns contain a chemical azodicarbonamide which is also used to make yoga mats soles of shoes
vulgar	ur moms pussy died a slow death so well have good company #virgin
vulgar	bitches be like.. it means something to me
vulgar	gotta be atleast 510 to call me a bitch lol
vulgar	fag*
clean	ironic that he's a trashcan because he holds trash everytime you two cuddle! Burn.
vulgar	Lol that nigga a real retard
vulgar	shes a bad bitch
vulgar	did you smile like a retard when you were a kid? It took me till like 5th grade before I learned how to naturally smile
vulgar	Idgaf man fuck them hoes ... They nice to look at but they ain't for me
clean	I'll show up and chug a beer or 8
vulgar	she the only bitch that stayed loyal she a keeper bro
vulgar	; bitch.. What?
vulgar	LMAOOO @ black fag..... why did I misread that??... I'm blocking you
vulgar	thanks little fag
vulgar	lmao yesterday ? Them hoes was cute af lol
vulgar	keeping these hoes happy
vulgar	bitch ass
clean	Don't yell at me, I love both of the evolutionary lines. despises the trash buddies.
vulgar	The soul has departed from the train.There's no more soul in music.Just hunger for bitches,money and fame.
vulgar	dude quit being a hyposhitical bitch. you ran downstairs crying/begging me not to tell anyone.
vulgar	lmaoo my phone autocorrect like a bitch..
vulgar	he loves juggling it all around it... he loves the fast life im sure hes already grinded on amcon hoes as well
clean	hoe hoe hoe, merry Christmas
vulgar	obama is a bitch his speech was pure politics for mid terms. Only way we destroy ISIS is with troops on the ground.
vulgar	hey now, don't diss my basketball hoe.
vulgar	awww, dis sellout nigguh still talking.
clean	God awful, and that dude is Dorian / eggplant black.
vulgar	man both them get around a lot, bunch of hoes.
vulgar	whoa, calling me a cunt?
vulgar	at my club ho (;
vulgar	- yasss bitch yassss. you deserve it. *Drake voice*
clean	ha booner has that twitter ha
clean	Y'all gots betta machinery fo dat. Hanger be ghetto
vulgar	lmao I've always wanted to ski..bust my ass or not I'm innat hoe, fit and all.
vulgar	Oh nab.. Def not that easy. You may not know, nor believe this but I'm legendary for curving pussy.. lol Guilty pleasure.
clean	u both sorry to give racist a platform w his trash language Dana ur intvw was below kindergarten level
vulgar	lol shid who got one? Boy my ass lonely as a bitch. You cuffed up ain't ya
vulgar	wassup pussy
vulgar	lmfao putting on for twitter i see fat bitch
vulgar	just watch bitch nigga u gonna want the whole team dead
vulgar	hey you bitch, you should get the on your show. They'd be perfect for it! I'm kidding about the bitch part.
vulgar	hahahhaha he had mad bitches
vulgar	my apologies... Oh wait it's my fucking birthday bitch
vulgar	what are you doing tonight pussy?
vulgar	I likes it back dare. It's free fo me cause whitey pay da fee
vulgar	Who is da we whitey?
vulgar	thank you for the lyrics, these bitches so gullible an sleep on your music they just be like aw u so sweet let me suck ur dick
vulgar	wrong maybe you been dealing with pussies but I don't put up with that crap. If I f*** up telling me I f***** up. Keep it real
vulgar	bitch
vulgar	nig nog
vulgar	lol lil bitch
vulgar	that damn coach ain't never called back bitch ass
vulgar	bitch hallon
vulgar	I know right so much retard
vulgar	yasssss bitch yasssss
vulgar	Its gonna bring it down though unless its turning into a welt already, like a bubble wit pussy. Gotta pop it an it'll be gone
vulgar	Slide up on a bad bitch/Dat bitch look good
clean	boy u look like big bird off of sesame street
vulgar	bitch i dont even look like that keep talking and we going to fight
vulgar	bitch im real nigga the fuck u mean weak ass nigga i do me i dont pretend to be someone im not so u can shut that shit up fuk boy
vulgar	bitch your unknown u dont have a mixtape and you damn sure cant rap, u couldn't rap if your life depend on it
vulgar	naw u keep it 100% fake get yo lame ass on somwhere wigga hell no get on somwhere
vulgar	oh hell no u have no swag whats so ever not even a little bit with dem cheap ass pugs and why so have a rag on bitch u not black
vulgar	yea thats what i thought pussy boy u r a fucking thot
vulgar	thats a win right there. any nigga who doesnt partake in that is a faggot. even if they dont smoke.
vulgar	she sucks..bitch cant even pretend dance.
vulgar	should be lol lil bitch
vulgar	you're welcome, I miss you too nig nog
clean	should be going to free birds anyways
clean	next update, would be AMAZIN if two celebrations were added. 1: Shirt off ( we'll take the yellow) and 2: The RKO
vulgar	I'm assuming it would look something like a bitch slap and a Dickpunch
vulgar	You do got alla da hoes..
vulgar	that bitch wants everybody out though.. thats the same shit she did to me at one point
vulgar	don't fail bitch
vulgar	that bitch hit the chick when she won't looking.. That shit weak af
vulgar	Huh? I been with Verizon for 4 years bitch.
vulgar	text me, we don't noisy hoes watching
vulgar	nigga you done bumped yo head. Li nings fire but Kobe 9 Elite golds are trash!?
clean	I wouldn't share a wave with those trash cans
vulgar	that was real nicca shit tho lol
vulgar	you mean bitch ass pussy
vulgar	mine pussy
vulgar	lol yeah bro good choice. But bitches do love foreign whips so it's a personal decision
vulgar	pussy.
vulgar	you ain't 6 feet under its not over pussy
vulgar	your a bitch if you hit a girl
vulgar	you a bitch Edgar
vulgar	your a punk pussy ass bitch! Dude you don't have the balls to fight all you wanna do is wanna hit girls your a fuckin bitch
clean	thats ghetto..
vulgar	damn bitches on a niggas mind haha
clean	Off to the east of your current location, on an east-facing slope (dry side of a dry place).
vulgar	*you're, *bitch
vulgar	bra I'm bout to blaze this bitch
vulgar	are bitches.
vulgar	We doing it Lizard. Unless you skype us, bitches.
vulgar	bitch.
vulgar	I gt android dmt kno whats in that box my nig
vulgar	haha she a stupid hoe
clean	Anyone bring in a monkey.
clean	Hit the clam chowder.Thanks for the wishes and the card
vulgar	cocky sons of bitches
vulgar	WILLIAN up in that hoe
vulgar	aww man we had a BALL. Small lil affair. Set that bitch out!
clean	we have a project that could lead into a military program but requires a full op mock up for testing
clean	your a greaser
vulgar	bitch I work 24 hours a day to protect your freedom fuck you #AlwaysOnWatch #GlobalForceForGood
vulgar	bitch I'm done with school
vulgar	faggot
vulgar	point that sasquatch bitch out
vulgar	this hoe wasn't loyal
vulgar	im 99 slay bitch, im wearin bandos armor cause im so rich, i got my slayer helm and my whip droppies
vulgar	bitch please
vulgar	they can see this dumbass nigger
vulgar	what are you doing bitch
clean	I can only hope Charlie Strong. #UTcoach
vulgar	really that's why we got side hoes
vulgar	Y am I not surprised UGLY MIKE BOOGIE has to buy pussy??!!!!
clean	I read a black man tweet hot sauce is trash watermelon is overrated. I can't deal
vulgar	shut up bitch and focus on that L tomar
clean	lol true I just want fried Oreos
clean	birds of a feather flock together?
clean	As long as its not one of those special brownies right?
vulgar	you want my pussy so bad
vulgar	speak english prude ass white bitch
vulgar	thirsty basic ass bitch
clean	Pepe because his defending was outstanding! His tackles were accurate nd he did hos job perfectly in both legs!
vulgar	Yooo I was thinking bout that the other day lol.. You only really speaking of one person my niggah
vulgar	ok u hav gun. I love you and you are my superior at fighting games and you probably get more bitches too. peace
clean	this is gobbledy gook to me because i dont have the game
vulgar	aoas you write back bitch lol
vulgar	bitch lol
vulgar	no bitch lol I'm not about that life anymore
clean	I need some red green yellow pants helly shirts express
vulgar	khaye I can't see your freakin emojis I'm a basic bitch today.
vulgar	dude tell me why that's so true my mom has this friends from Texas trying to hype redskin football and shit
vulgar	nice account faggot
vulgar	pussy
clean	well Ontario is like kind of a dump now that the ghetto moved here since its cheaper to live here so..
vulgar	who can vouch for ya pussy tho k?
clean	have u spent significant time in ANY ghetto, or witnessed the years of terrorism committed by police in the Black community?
vulgar	what an unfortunate clothing choice... Hoes with the crooked belly ring. Completes the dumb trash motif perfectly
vulgar	y'all niccas bout to blow fool!! Lol can't wait for the world to see this Detroit shit nicca!
vulgar	quit being a pussy
vulgar	Ja zo denkt ieder wel t zijne over zaken he. je mag mij noemen hoe je wilt, ben namelijk erg voor vrijheid van meningsuiting.
clean	khan has been facing nothing but trash since his L to Garcia
vulgar	bitch dont even think about playin wit me!
vulgar	shut up fuckin beaner
vulgar	just be a hoe then
vulgar	I'm destroying this bitch dawg
vulgar	I also like how I'M called the hoe when I've been saying stop.
vulgar	pussy ass bitch
vulgar	dont be a bitch smh
clean	Go back to mutt, Rev I style. Of course, that would necessitate running over a dog and adopting it.
vulgar	that's what I call a crash dummy hoe
vulgar	*pom poms* YOU MAKE THAT SHIT YEAHHHH
clean	THE WASP OF ANGRY LEGEND. BEAT IT INTO A SQUISHY PULP!!!
vulgar	lol you tell that bitch
clean	boy I had no idea that was coming. It's called a smartphone. You're horrible at trash talk
vulgar	LMFAOOOO if that bitch didn't change his @ so much I could find more
clean	Marshall Law! Whatever you coon
vulgar	bitch stop hatin cause they ain't make em in toddler size. You should be happy, they make em in GS now
vulgar	ugly white bitch
vulgar	dont be a bitch man up lol :)
vulgar	That is great. Dumb crybaby pussy.
vulgar	damn he was my bitch for Eddie Johnson teams last year
vulgar	Lol, always with the complaining and crying. Just like when Jeezy broke up with you cause your a moaning old bitch.
vulgar	lmsoooo dawg I ain't got no bitches mane. I low key got a chick but I can't say it on Twitter. You know how these wolves is
vulgar	nigga look my size, plus it get hit in the ass, an look like its been fighting all its life.... I'll sneak dat bitch an RUN!
vulgar	shoot that nigger bitch in the knees....
clean	I seen sum of it but I'm tryin see lox n mook
clean	trash
vulgar	aids fuck? Smdh u punk bitch.
vulgar	ahh I see, I'm still a rook about the knowledge of THE hoe. But I'm progressing.
vulgar	youre a little bitch x2
vulgar	I ain't light skin nigga I'm even colored lmao
vulgar	nigga I talk shit period this ain't nun new white bitch we go threw this every damn day
vulgar	u a bitch in niggas clothing shut yo ass up
vulgar	peckerwood
clean	he's a greaser
clean	For the record #NoHomo but don't care who is unless I gotta see it.. same with every sexuality even birds, dogs.. what not.
vulgar	I likes me dem Mexican hoes. Day suck me off for 5 dollas
vulgar	I was bout to smack a bitch.
vulgar	bro this bitch really stood there and was like you gonna give me my penny?
vulgar	exception for Gilda Radner that bitch was funny
vulgar	You're still a bitch
vulgar	Them stop being a bitch and do it
vulgar	remember 94 can be a bitch! Stop to drink if you get stalled #wib advice!
vulgar	ur one to talk bitch
vulgar	Yeah, it's fuck that Jigsaw-faced bitch everyday, B.
vulgar	thanks dumb bitch
vulgar	you were there bitch lol
vulgar	you're being a bitch lol but naa serio wassuo
clean	just said u.s.was full of nice,giving,smart ppl.I thought we were mean,unexceptional,bitter clingers?#evolved?
clean	that's true in some ways. Gaming is very broad now a days tho. Everyone is a gamer with candy crush and angry birds
clean	Oh, wait! *can I get that photo of me playin with Creed's SIDE PROJECT by itself? My bad. Yeah, FOB is embarrassing
vulgar	i pissed alotta ppl off on fb i was flooding the newsfeed next target them hoe ass texans
vulgar	lol it's gonna be so fun got two niglets on the way
vulgar	niccas dnt kno bout da art of finessin
clean	and a prime Leija would trash most of these 140 dudes today!
vulgar	whatever Gabby! You hoe
vulgar	Gabby why are you so ghetto?
vulgar	I am always there bitch!
vulgar	nigra in da back
clean	those nudes were trash
vulgar	lol, that pussy got rich niggas losing their minds too. Got Drizzy Breezy beef'd out, that puss is the devil's playground.
vulgar	you out yo mind. Rose colder than Kim, way more down to earth. Kanye bitch give him more problems than Wiz's does.
clean	I is colored, Latino and some Jewish. When I move in, I don't ruin the neighborhood, I wipe it out!
vulgar	I hear ya hoe
vulgar	I was sleep hoe where you at
vulgar	funky hoe you gone solo
vulgar	lol I will be there in the morning hoe
vulgar	naw hoe let me see if you got Keisha
vulgar	you owe two hoe I don't wanna hear shit when I hyu
vulgar	ffffffffffffuck. Baratheon rebellions are a bitch.
vulgar	bitch what happen to comin thru
vulgar	first off who you calling a hoe ? Don't make me go sharkeisha ok you boo boo
vulgar	oh you sneaky son of a bitch you
vulgar	babe it's the thought that counts..bitch you a thot
vulgar	all I did was bitch about Jessie, still love you anyway
vulgar	Den you enjoy da nite wit a colored man. We do it again in 2 weeks. Lets me no if I needs ta bring da magnums
vulgar	My shit's like an eggplant baby. Black and big enough so dat all da women gets dem a piece
clean	I wants to call bouts my vitaligro but I ain't sho if you a doctor fo da colored folk
vulgar	All dem colored boys be sayin I dare baby daddy. I gots to protect my semen under da lock and key. And I wrap 2x
vulgar	Does da N mean negro?
vulgar	dese bitches n my shot nigga
vulgar	i wont ima come piss in yours bitch
vulgar	lol nahh bitch dont put yo life on me ole cant drink water after 8 ass nigga #PissinInDaBedAssBoy
vulgar	no it ainn bitch
vulgar	shut up bitch
vulgar	we don't love this hoes
clean	u want me to make u one of my ghetto nunchucks, they come in singles and double_ended
clean	dont get that bacon stuffed crust tho its trash
vulgar	basic bitch comeback, expected
vulgar	brooooo I miss you bitch
vulgar	granted cracker isn't that bad because when you say that to a white person your saying their one of the slave
vulgar	xavier you bitch.
vulgar	you egg spam bitch
vulgar	I want to eat your pussy
vulgar	Neither does your fucking cat, pussy.
vulgar	lmao real shit though them bitches be dumb as fuck smh
vulgar	hoe told me she was gonna chop my dick off ... She was from Baltimore
vulgar	I watched the 1st season bc I wanted to see the diff sides of Elijah. Not to see a thristy hoe who uses Walgreen's hair dye
clean	She was always a pathetic mutt desperately seeking attention a purpose. No matter what JP writes that will never change
vulgar	man get yo bitch ass out my mf mentions man with all tht bs u trippin
vulgar	bitch fck all lay wat you wanna do
vulgar	fight or nah dumb bitch
vulgar	ight bitch ima see u
vulgar	come so you can record him saying he's my bitch
vulgar	fuck your chicken sandwich ho!!!
clean	jay-z and bey they will never be..jus trash
vulgar	screw the little porch monkey!
vulgar	the coon, n coon wanna b got what they should have, except should have been more time in jail
vulgar	they are all idiots except kourt.... the rest are just slutty ass bitches
vulgar	y don't both of those fat bitches die
vulgar	U should just pull out let #Ferguson fend for themselves. It has been a week. Wasting manpower. Most r just attention hos
vulgar	I got that hoe bootlegged haha if you wanna borrow it
vulgar	biiiiitch that hoe looks perfect haha but iight
vulgar	Some women get in a relationship quick so they won't feel like a hoe for having sex.
vulgar	get it? Bc you called yourself a tool, I called you a hoe. Bc hoes are tools hahahaha I'm so funny
clean	New show:Thursdays with Jinxy broadcast from the moon it's made of chunky blue cheese you know
clean	soo what you putting on those crackers Gregg?
vulgar	Asian pussy?
vulgar	I'm on that straight Cali kush bitch don't kill my vibe
vulgar	bitch I got plans to fuck tonight I said friday nigga
vulgar	bitch I make the plans not you pussy fart I'm in charge follow me or deny me I'm doin Friday and were fighting!!
vulgar	fuck you bruh you didn't show up fucking pussy
vulgar	haha you playin nigga I fuck bitches make money and smoke that straight og kush
vulgar	ight this Friday nig
vulgar	this Friday at the c burg mall you gettin whipped like the bitches I fuck
vulgar	dude fuck you faggot it's Friday or no go bitch I set the standards you make or break them bitch
vulgar	ight nigga tonight at 9:00 c burg mall bitch
vulgar	why you crying then baby back bitch?
vulgar	straight up your hoes can wait !
clean	goh d AnoniemeAso meeting heeft weer pauze.Nog steeds niet bij hoofdstuk:hoe haal ik m'n ID?
vulgar	no, that nigga goin to work. Quit tryin to kill a nigga's vibe you broke bitch
vulgar	Yeah, so quit being a bitch and edit.
vulgar	get into Devil first bitch! Roasted.
clean	I never really rocked with the white sole. I feel ya bro. But these!!? My favorite Foam of all time.
vulgar	I've had to do it in multiple classes. Ain't really that rare. Also, don't call your teacher a bitch on twitter.
vulgar	thanks nig
vulgar	she was a dirty bitch always beggin for microwaves and catchup and shit so mufuckas always be like, BYE Falicia!
clean	Bc is trash why would he lie about that? I told you he's real
vulgar	you actually think he'll do that? lil bitch can't punch a potato
vulgar	both of y'all pussy boa!
clean	I wonder if the progs didn't relegate young black men to the ghettos to keep them away from harry reid's friends...
vulgar	Terrance you wanna be one of my hoes
vulgar	Can I bitch about not having smoke??
vulgar	fuck your redskins bitch!
vulgar	shit tell that pussy to come out of retirement and show up Kareem Jackson then he can get respect
vulgar	not as sick as you muzzie trash
vulgar	lick my pussy and ma crack
vulgar	ill finger ur tight pussy so slowly you'll be moaning my name bby
vulgar	bitch u perfect
clean	interesting #hick
vulgar	bruh really rocking a toaster on his face lmaoooo he prolly got 0 bitches too man.
vulgar	you knw where i am pussy i hate when u ask me tht
clean	trash
vulgar	vraag t Sven,hij denkt: Hoe lichter van kleur, hoe beter het morele kompas werkt. Ik ben kleurenblind ;~)
vulgar	I was laughing at a joke about 9/11 big different bitch.
vulgar	sal tryin 2 pull a K. Ferderline..lazy ass son of a bitch
clean	Altyd zo geweest hoe vaak men ook zegt:dit nooit meer!LozeWoorden.PuntjeBijPaaltje vertonen z dierngedrag
vulgar	She walks away!? What a pussy.
clean	I'll ask you same question Do you support border jumpers Do you support illegals
vulgar	is that all u can say twat?
clean	and plus, it's trash talk. You should know that especially with ole miss.
vulgar	I go for the most direct flight, then by price. Over and done with layovers. Flying is a bitch enough.
vulgar	2nd and last time I'll ever call you that faggot
vulgar	smh. U so retarded. Lol
vulgar	LOL that Caitlyn.. Can't carry 3 retards
vulgar	So can we just let this faggot in already before he cries himself to sleep
vulgar	whatta you fags doin?
vulgar	Ass Oreos and his name is Thad Castle.
vulgar	hmu when you're good to go bitch
clean	omg! I don't even know where kimlau sq is...I would been like,look a bird! then ran for the hills! Lol
vulgar	bitch why did you not fav or retweet this
clean	lemme guess you wore the hilly hicks sweats/leggings
vulgar	wtf hoe answer my question
vulgar	he's am has no clue #heeb
vulgar	old with a old wolf pussy that is
vulgar	omfg or the other pics of the tranny lmao
vulgar	lol fuck these lil bitches ain't shit to peep wassup w/ you tho
vulgar	you're a bitch
vulgar	I hate those creepy ass dolls that call you dada, I'm like bitch I ain't yo daddy
vulgar	lemme find out you twitter beefin with hoes
vulgar	bitch need crutches
vulgar	pussy poppin on a headstand while ur eating watermelon
vulgar	Na a young bitch got school
clean	#BlessJesus Amos 3:3 Can two walk together, unless they are agreed? #DifferentLevels
vulgar	word!! school flow on a dumb hoe...
vulgar	same here. Fucking hated that bitch.
vulgar	told you them bitches was mad even, g.
vulgar	I'm tryna have this bitch in out soon
vulgar	lmao hell yea.. I love thick bitches thick bitches love fat niggas.
vulgar	bitch you know you won't this
clean	Well he canonically plays the troll equivalent of Pokemon... *throws the new Fairy type at him*
clean	Amen on this tweet. 105 mm rockets from Victor Charlie leave a lasting impression.
vulgar	i found her right here, good job unfollowing me btw faggot
vulgar	I could've swore everyday was jus sayin I had all the hoes like 2 days ago! No I'm gay,What's next? I gotta baby on the way
vulgar	naw nigga I got yo bitch tip toeing on my wooden floor !
vulgar	and retarded
vulgar	dammit now I'm the only one with a fucked up tranny....
vulgar	no send the fucking challenge quit being a pussy
vulgar	meet me later for a reach around Charlie Crist
vulgar	cracker....
vulgar	that's very logical because bitches love using my face as a toilet
clean	what about yellow spots?
clean	your pet zebra. stripey?
vulgar	bitch shut up and hand me some of those flowers you selling, the light is about to change.
clean	looks like any other little porch monkey to me!
vulgar	the little cunt can just die for all I care!
vulgar	hurt hoes be like
vulgar	bitch no more on my account
vulgar	I have an open mind and that bitch Beyonc is crazy
vulgar	I was nice to the dumb bitch then she puts her nose all up in my business Eat shit white trash hoe
vulgar	brush lets just ignore the silly hoe. She's pregnant, hella hormones. tryna fuck with other people
vulgar	bitch looks like spongebob
vulgar	shelby your pussy is beat up
vulgar	All of these bitches lying
clean	bout to be in ike a couple hours
vulgar	drunk bitch used to eat my ass its relaxing
vulgar	finger my pussy slowly with circular motion
vulgar	finger my throbbing pussy
vulgar	finger my wet throbbing pussy slowly as I cum on ur fingers
vulgar	fuck my throbbing pussy slowly
vulgar	fuck my wet pussy with ur huge cock
vulgar	hells yeah fuckin sick ass bitch
vulgar	my pussy is aching for ur follow bae
vulgar	only a ratchet bitch would
vulgar	so does my juicy pussy
clean	I wonder if I have my very own NSA spook following me by now?
vulgar	nice ears bitch you look like a god damn elephant..
vulgar	I'm not delivering to that bitch boy anymore.
vulgar	pussy.... I ain't had a coochie since I was 16
vulgar	and you look like hmmm a nigger
vulgar	bitches on my dick but look at me I'm fucking beautiful
vulgar	I don't fight or want to fight bitches who don't know who the fuck I am. Fuck I look like doing that? Nigga, PLEASE!
vulgar	Nah, I'd NEVER ask a guy to ride down on a chick. What's the use of getting him in trouble for a trash-ass bitch?
clean	letz getup deep dish vocal mix Nagasaki Hiroshima yellow asian flu ^n emoto ill egg god?
clean	I wonders why dare ain't no colored folk up dare?
vulgar	Well ho di doe. Thank you
vulgar	bitch bought her son some talking bout I had to get em before they sold out
vulgar	lol nigga just walk in that hoe looking for girls don't even wanna buy nothing
vulgar	that hoe out now
vulgar	you fucking pussy
clean	I ain't to show bout dem colored diamonds you talk about on da radio. Any diamond you gets from a colored be stolen
vulgar	every time I beat you I'm being a faggot maybe I'm just being better than you lmao
vulgar	So many bitches you gon need to change ya name from Jebidiah to Bitches.
vulgar	Nah but I was worth that 52 character, bitch.
vulgar	bruhhh I'm joking... Don't pop trunk on me I'm just a bitch ass niiiieeegggaaa
vulgar	bitch ass
vulgar	because you're the ratchetest of them all bitch
vulgar	you do realize ya pussy stank right?
clean	Hey u just followed me not long ago. Gonna nip that in da bud. like ur bio tho. U know the white devils stole our our
vulgar	Happy Birthday pussy. Have a good one
vulgar	ahhh stupid bitch!
vulgar	i love seing new ones cause i save them and then youse them bitches lmfao
vulgar	i donno who demz iz? But ima bout to get white gurll ghetto on there asses when i find out....
vulgar	awe boy you smell like monkey sex
vulgar	he had the hoes too
clean	you look like flappy bird
vulgar	He must think you bump pussy. I no mind. I'll eat your #thong and make you #squirt like the #geyser.
clean	they call me yellow bone
vulgar	bitch we shot a music video
vulgar	them bitches be smackin
vulgar	more like Look at all those bitches
vulgar	fuck her right in the pussy
vulgar	some of them bitches give you more than a virus
vulgar	I'd pop dat lemon for some real pussy.
vulgar	Id break that little bitches finger
vulgar	right in the pussy
vulgar	kike your a soft nigga
clean	Whats it say... I see bird in it... Lmao
vulgar	is my big long lost brother I swear. I don't know what I'd do without this wetback.
vulgar	you a bitch nigga
vulgar	eyy that pushin one for me bro cause you know that bitch better blow hah
vulgar	when bitches get inches they be like.
vulgar	so what ur sayin is all I mess wit is hoes? #shady
vulgar	1v1 gun game pussy
vulgar	fag
clean	guess who's eating cracker b without you
vulgar	Apple TV got the NFL channel on that bitch, I'm pretty sure they're all on there. I've watched a couple.
vulgar	although I will concede that bitch bought into the funnel bitches to Dwight #NoPedo tho.
vulgar	bitch I got a ring now ho I ain't fatherless no more ill fight you.
vulgar	bitch you opulent as fuck refrain from conversing upon matters of the middle class.
vulgar	listen cuntrag whore bitch, shit be expensive as fuck, man. We had to do PR first that one year, this year was the wedding so.
vulgar	lyin ass bitch
clean	bread in general aint too good for ya...but honky bread the worst...
vulgar	I love Louis CK! Quit bein a faggot and suck that dick
vulgar	I was gonna hold my tongue until I could get into another team but I couldn't do it anymore they're fuckin retarded.
vulgar	Shin's a faggot. I'm glad your chipped him.
vulgar	So you gon call me a nigger because of that? Fuck wrong with you?
vulgar	Son. We the sammich family out this bitch. She KNOW Joey love sammiches.
vulgar	shit ain't gon be funny when you need me to get you outta a horrific car crash, bitch.
vulgar	you're filled with pimps and hoes. We'll just talk about those I knows.
vulgar	hell no cause Brad still walked away like yeah i fucked that niggas bitch
vulgar	they still fucking trash. I cant eat those to save my life.
clean	Quickscoping trash. TAKE OF THE TONY HAWK SETUP AND PLAY NORMALLY. THAT'S NOT WHAT SNIPERS ARE FOR!
vulgar	touch muzzie fuckers, hope it was set to go full of bacon and pork rinds
vulgar	^___^ still should've walked over and said something pussy
vulgar	I got u bitch
vulgar	I argue that Cersei is neither evil nor a bitch. She's greedy, desperate to protect her children and to be valued in a world
clean	Half jar of marmalade, shaved monkey, saran wrap, mini horse. Give your best scene. #askkevin
vulgar	give me credit lil bitch
clean	all trash to me
clean	August is trash
vulgar	my fuckin back still hurts but it was worth it. And I'm still mad about the hoe incident. Haha.
vulgar	u think that dream has anything to do with those two dumb bitches in San Diego lol
vulgar	ant is a pussy man, don't make me pull up the pic!!!!
vulgar	im a boss ass bitch
vulgar	lol you've tweeted bitch an excessive amount (for you) today. you ok?
clean	looks like you took a red marker and colored on your leg
vulgar	thanks bruh dont ever forget we still on the look out for these faggots .................................
vulgar	Sounds like there are some major bitches in your area.
vulgar	Is you sure you ain't colored?
vulgar	AIDS ain't all dat bad. You can become da hoe and do da crack and ain't gonna make no difference anyhow
clean	You tryin to say ofay?
clean	dink now uknow thats not true
vulgar	lmao this nigguh
vulgar	I'll try tomorrow Gonna try and eliminate the word bitch out of my vocabulary. I need to start bettering myself
vulgar	she's a right twat, I'd tell you, honestly Sky! Honestly
vulgar	make me white trash cousin fucker
vulgar	you a fucking wigger so stfu
vulgar	Yeaa black bitches actin like they too good for an average nigga like they just got A1 credit and pussy
vulgar	um no that only a fuck you bitch and done xavier will hopefully respect girls bc I am doing it alone and I don't want that
vulgar	I never said you was a hoe guilty consents ass girl
vulgar	fag
vulgar	you better feel the love... I don't even show these hoes love lol
vulgar	lmao denote got a bitch here right now but he love her
vulgar	I want it to be somewhat of a collage .. Money jewels cartiers etc .. Jus little shit to let niccas know we still here
vulgar	a nicca anxious to hear that shit my g
vulgar	my nicca!
vulgar	You guys wanna skull Fuck some clay birds this weeknd???
vulgar	big booty hoes!
vulgar	oh you mean Noah zimmerman's cute ass . I mean he should, he talks to his hoes all day everyday . his girl Courtney sooo
clean	looks prime for some trash pick up
vulgar	leezy got all the bitches
vulgar	u can just ask him to suck his dick not that hard white trash
vulgar	shit pic master hoe protecting ass bow tie nigga
vulgar	naaaaa, just popped across my TL, so I commented. But nice try faggot!
vulgar	teabaggers are anti American. Hows it feel to hate your country?
clean	I don't think they believe in their communities ability to function w/out whitey. They choose to be hustled by big gov't...
vulgar	do it then pussy
vulgar	ill fuck you til you love me faggot
vulgar	at least after nearly two decades of complete trash they put out ATYSYC to redeem themselves.
vulgar	these niggas must be deaf. When's the last time you heard a Roots song on the radio? Quest don't get bitches!
clean	I took it harder when Rivera retired. I'm not a Yankee fan but I have a lot of love and respect for em. Especially the core 4
clean	my pops is from New York. My family is Yankee obsessed. My sister literally cried when she heard he was gonna
vulgar	yeah wizards! Agent zero bitches
clean	or your in the ghetto
vulgar	because it's hilarious how it makes teabaggers freak out. I'll do it again too.
vulgar	whole hoe outchea.......
vulgar	I was hangin on them corners late Pockets wasn't straight, bitch! I ain't gon make it at this rate, dawg.. Know what I'm sayin?
vulgar	I would have loved to watch Newman bitch slap Johnson I'd pay to see that
vulgar	Everybody knows that bitches love mullets #Pantiedropin
vulgar	we need to grow mullets together so we can get all the bitches and can hate on us
vulgar	also is search of dirty white trash hookers for the weekends
vulgar	awww shit lol I want my money too bitch. Who else I give one tO?
vulgar	oh you little bitch you. You tryna hit the fair tho today or sometime this week? Shit might be fun drunk
vulgar	bitch better back up, Katy's mine
vulgar	No, Cpt Commando is a hoe and a cocksucker
vulgar	when a bitch look his way
clean	And you know best about the bird moves...!!!
vulgar	why would a white man even go to a nigger hell hole of Detroit? An I've worked in A town how. Y'all good niggers!
vulgar	Happy Another Group of 365 Days, you weird ass son of a bitch. That's why we all love you, though. Hoping there are riots in H-town
vulgar	Kiss these nuts, bitch!
vulgar	Tyler isn't shit faggot go listen to some real music
vulgar	faggot
vulgar	absolutely retarded article
vulgar	am i really a fag if I'm liking that video
vulgar	ugly goldigging cunt u probably have an uncircumcised penis faggot
vulgar	no pressure hoe
vulgar	hoes saying eyebrows on fleek .. Search it on twitter
vulgar	James, nobody (save a couple illiterate, inbred teabagger morons) gives a flying fuck about your revelations.
clean	BEST NAME ON TWITTER EVER!! AKA; JewbaccaSECOND BEST NAME ON TWITTER!!
vulgar	damn your bitch really hoe'n for the F!!
clean	that's energy the City is Electric gotta go to Yankees Stadium, When they are winning. It is truly electrifying
vulgar	nigger you are bigger than I am. Do you even #R4aperSec ?
vulgar	momma didn't raise no sukka, bitch!
vulgar	use monkey maker you prick!
vulgar	I hate that shit. Like bitch don't ask me for shit makin me waste my time and your dumb ass ain't even using it.
vulgar	yep. Texas is redneck heaven.
vulgar	haha yuhh that hoe was funny
vulgar	stank ass hoes haha
vulgar	*bitch
vulgar	fuck you bitch lol
vulgar	shut up bitch
vulgar	suck a dick hoe
vulgar	you're gay bitch
vulgar	no bitch lol
vulgar	lmao you're on my timeline it ain't spying hoe lol
vulgar	bitch you beat after losing twice lol and we won 11, you just a hater
vulgar	bitch answer me lol
vulgar	bitch you can't even say no lol
vulgar	lmao you're a bitch boy
vulgar	lol thanks bitch hahah Vegas ain't ready for us lol
vulgar	shut up bitch
vulgar	that don't mean you're not balling lol shut up hoe lol
vulgar	that means you're balling if you're Jewish lol I don't love hoes lol
vulgar	you're a bitch lol
clean	no song I've heard was good is what I mean by he's trash
vulgar	please tell those fuming cops that they are a bunch of coward little bitches, and should not be allowed near weapons. Thanks.
vulgar	they're both big bitches tho lol
vulgar	you ain't got no hoes lil jess you're a lil guy
vulgar	who did you rob, them hoes like 4 online
vulgar	bitch ass nigggaaa
vulgar	I say it all the time same with fag and queer it's all about the context I suppose, some people are just looking to get offended
vulgar	The fact this bird ass nigga took my phone and did a light skin pose in school smh lol
vulgar	time to call hoes
vulgar	Feels like it's been a year since I seen ya queer lolol
vulgar	Nooo Amber's supposed to kill me fag
clean	Did you say spray tan? **Charlie Crist switches back to Republican**
vulgar	don't let idiots that can't even spell retarded get you down.
vulgar	awwe i love you too jenny! Your so damn perf NOT ugly. Seriously dis bitch must be blind!
clean	it's also a bird, a city, and a math theorem. I make no assumptions!
vulgar	I can trap anywhere I wanna just because I ain't a bitch n in rarely solo.
vulgar	go on Craigslist bitches be on there
vulgar	my luck the bitch gonna drug me an I won't even kno what happened lmao
vulgar	she can suck dick tho that's better than brownies
vulgar	ur avi prolly shoot dust out your phone cuz that shit so old u cat fishing the bitches on here lmao
vulgar	you're a bitch
vulgar	I can't be homeless in 2014.... but them bitches better not slip in 2015
vulgar	bitch I might be
vulgar	Bitch you just an inch taller than me we normal height Jessyca and Daysi are just some short bitches
vulgar	#Savages Day is like coloreds dat wrap day hoes like mummies
vulgar	I hates to interject but cans I have yo digits? I likes wiggers dat wanna be fucked by coloreds
vulgar	? Are you a race traitor or just a dumbass?
vulgar	Hey Jim you'll love this
vulgar	Just like FAT CHICKS NEED LOVE TOO I guess. Some Jeffrey Dommer Type would be all over that sloppy ho.
clean	tranny
vulgar	no homo bro love ya to!! Lets get some 151 an some Malibu rum!! Tech 9 this bitch haha
vulgar	an just don't be a hoe about it! Haha
vulgar	Bitch you old ass mushroom ass bitch looking like a moldy ass toe wobbly raggedy ass vagina face BYE
vulgar	You're such a bitch Carlton. You're lucky your fathers a judge.
vulgar	You need to insert a chill pill up your ass. Twice a day until your bitch assness goes away. If the problem persists, see a doctor.
vulgar	is such a retard! Biden Calls Himself White Boy in Meeting With Black Pastors
vulgar	shut up faggot
vulgar	But that bitch could care less about Benghazi victims!
vulgar	Dog Government jobs is the SHIT. I done got my last few off that bitch.
vulgar	you're such a pussy
vulgar	is big cat a fat pussy joke?
vulgar	go eat bear shit you fuckin yokel
vulgar	dont talk to your hoe that way
vulgar	lol wyo bitch
clean	trash ain't it
clean	like their players really been talking trash about Bama.
vulgar	You sound like you're pussy whooped. #freelikeabird
vulgar	You're a sensitive, pussy whooped, no sense of humor, neo zoom maxi dweeb. Now sit your ass all the way down.
clean	No good options left indeed. This president makes Jimmy Carter look like a piker. So sad.
vulgar	true but then again I'm my opinion a hoe is someone who goes and sleeps with everybody
clean	He's definitely trash. But if Bill Cohwer or Stanford s head coach want the job I'd hire them. With a new gm of course
vulgar	pussy
vulgar	he talkin bout we wanna be human and I'm just like .... bitch whet?
vulgar	I'm a lil nigga?? Wait till you see nigga. You ain't ready. I'm from Chicago boy I ain't no pussy from the burbs. Just wait
vulgar	fuck no faggot
clean	thuggery? Cheating? Talking trash? Who's doing that besides Jameis? And isn't ND in the middle of cheating issues?
clean	I didn't really have one, was aware of Yankees, but always loved Dodgers uniform!
clean	Yep. *sobs* I got my hopes up when a couple of the national guys (including that Kiper/McShay mock) had him slipping.
vulgar	you wouldn't last a day there hoe.
vulgar	she playin pussy hole bingo. She drawing the next number
clean	it always looks so nice! I was gonna buy this yellow one
vulgar	shut up pussy
vulgar	faggot
vulgar	i know bout yo wack ass dreads nigger
vulgar	nah you're a nigger
vulgar	Kik is for hoes.You either gone shit or get off the pot.
vulgar	ain't no love 4 these hoes
vulgar	shit he prolly is other than that everybody else trash
vulgar	Cowboys fans are cunts? Stop the presses!
vulgar	Are we still talking about animals? I know some Asian folks that would love to see how you prepare your pussy before eating it.
vulgar	I'm not a bitch. Take it back.
vulgar	I totally think the something when bitches come across mine saying we are similar. Uh no
vulgar	bitch merry Christmas
vulgar	amen little mama. y does this old southern country bitch like you so much I don't know. but I do!
vulgar	block or mute the cunt
clean	elissa would call me trash, vile, etc.!
clean	get a can of WASP SPRAY. it shoots out 20 feet and cheaper than bear spay or mace, works just as good
vulgar	or a southern bitch like me who will blow a persons heart out of their back w/one shot!!!!
vulgar	thank god I'm just an old redneck bitch from Memphis ,Tn. And not a troll
vulgar	jus exsposin hoes on a whole different level
vulgar	I want some.....I'm so damn tired of being in the fucking kitchen, a bitch is hot and needs a glass of wine and a back rub
vulgar	bitch, wake up!
vulgar	gross, ill stick with my galaxy, it will still receive those nips
vulgar	not nappy head hoe though
vulgar	if he wants bitches tip toein on his marble floors he will
vulgar	aint nobody asked yo faggot ass for a comment i know you peeped already you gay thats what u do for a living
clean	FOREVER 21 hoes
vulgar	on sale ass hoes
vulgar	big titty bitch lmao fuck it good party
vulgar	Where the fuck were you this summer bitch?
vulgar	bye hoe
vulgar	dnt use my shit against me hoe
vulgar	negro please
vulgar	yes u hoe
clean	Lmao. it bel ike that nowadays
vulgar	dont favorite me you faggot
vulgar	we need more opinionated bitches. #MOAR
vulgar	shut the fuck up faggot ass Knicks cock sucker your opinion is irrelevant fag
vulgar	teabaggers are extremely dumb...
vulgar	drinking away this stress. you got some new hoes for us?
vulgar	pretty sure you meant flight and not flite, dumb ass cracker.
vulgar	I didn't know you was following me hoe
clean	Oh but those last few that did.. Charlie, Wilma, Jeanne...
vulgar	politics isn't twitter coon lol
vulgar	choke on something hoe
vulgar	lmao cunt
vulgar	fuck off my pussy boi bitch
vulgar	me bitch im tryna keep a clean track record the fuck bruh
vulgar	we dont love these hoes
vulgar	Idk is she's actually from there lol, we followed a band. But we met a few bainbridgians. This bitch had like 4 teeth I swear lol
vulgar	im joked out bitch you stupid!
vulgar	likkadawgg turn up ya bitch...fw ya dawg man
vulgar	tf bitch you had brain surgery and aint tell me??!?
vulgar	make that llama your bitch
vulgar	bitch.
vulgar	lets get a group together do something negro, I'm home
vulgar	it's funny how this page quoted my tweet about the term camel jockey bc I AM a fucking Arab you dumbass
vulgar	thanks kass I respect you. Not you Annie, you're a bitch.
clean	I starting laughing worked out...not b/c I think its funny that you work... *throws phone in trash over butchered subtweet
vulgar	bitch nigga
vulgar	ily hoe cheer up pretti
vulgar	lol tell that hoe grow up ahaha
vulgar	fuck bitches
vulgar	I know nigs
vulgar	yo bitch, I miss you too.
clean	lmao girlllaaaa I don't like em chunky anymore.
vulgar	dont get it twisted said aint playin ny state of mind when bitches is around *clicks link*
vulgar	I woulda jus told skylar one night hey I got a flight in the mornin...you wit it or nah while textin my brazilian bitch
vulgar	LOL this is why u my nig
vulgar	he jus need to go to brazil get himself a bad brazilian bitch and jus relax
vulgar	if yo girl let them in, she a hoe...she belong to the world, why u cuffing her
vulgar	why is he stressin himself this nig can be livin lik meech before he went to prison
vulgar	your welcome my nig #salute
vulgar	bitch your yuck
vulgar	im on that hoe now
vulgar	lmaooo hell naw nigga you must was playing school of blind and cripple
clean	I feel the same way about the bigotry and racism of using the word redskins.
vulgar	shut up bitch it ainn complete witout Money Melle n it
clean	yellow shirt hat turnt to da side
clean	along with the French blue and Buggs bunny VIIs, and the Oreo IVs.
vulgar	please acknowledge my existence you amazing son of a bitch
clean	do u still have ur blk. pom?
vulgar	see bitch this is why you have no friends
vulgar	look here bitch if i wanted to be gramatically correct, i would have
vulgar	im talking about the pucture of the pussy cat you nit twit
vulgar	Him as well, They like their fried chicken,esp the spear chuckers.
clean	He now resides on the Mantle piece.
clean	Certainlt not the paddies
clean	Man City and the Yankees have got together to form the 20th MLS club.They begin playing in 2015.
vulgar	Mr.Cox,the Chase me Charlie of his day.Bend over boy,while I conjugate your A**e
clean	Not taking Franks advice and he ate the yellow snow.
vulgar	That twat Barry Hearne.It would seem to be all about there was no option for teams to share the venue.
clean	The spear chuckers are flooding into Upton Park.
clean	Yankees beat then in the Grapefruit league the other day.
clean	Yankees playing tonight in the Bronx,3rd game of the current series against the diamondbacks
clean	You remember,it used to be funny coloured paper.
vulgar	bitches ain't shit but hoes with tricks
vulgar	do it i fucking dare you faggot
vulgar	you cant call someone a fag if you're snuggling up with guys
vulgar	faggot
vulgar	the stupidest bitch brb crying he called me stupid
vulgar	Ohh Mr I'm all tough cause I live in a retarded city thinks he's cool. People like you should be shoveling my snow, broke bum.
vulgar	apply to thunder valley bitch
vulgar	look here I'm a thirsty ass bummy ass bitch ass 17 year old niqqa. I jus wanted to know if I can get a follow back please
vulgar	when bet now i make sure that bitch is not involved that's 1 thing floyd and pac can agree on she screwed em both
clean	I like him but I really doubt he even plays We already got a lot in the big man rotation committed to Bosh bird mcbob shawne
vulgar	finished the essay and the quiz bitch
vulgar	ok I just wanted to know bitch at 5:20 if you're not here I'm out
vulgar	lol nigga them look like a combo of trash in your house trash at the dump
vulgar	on god niggaa be tryna say aids been out longer and shit like no bitch Ebola been out here
vulgar	the bad bitch with them ugly ass nikes
vulgar	Lol I'm not you just can't be sad about things you can't control. But when you walk that stage my nigglet I'll be happy :)
vulgar	lmaoo I think I want this bitch YA me tiene cansada but thanks wait hold up ... Who u fighting
vulgar	u stupid fuk head bitch
vulgar	and the plastic surgery of a tranny.
vulgar	quit being a baby & hit that patchouli pussy!
vulgar	so she's retarded?
vulgar	I think I did my job here! Toodles to you bitches
vulgar	speaking of little bitch you didn't even do all your squats you little bitch kept talking to distract everyone else icu
clean	io.. lol osi tangi! Haha a tuku ho tangible Terryn! Atunga ho fie lea lahi mai!
vulgar	if I can get this bitch to go --
vulgar	bitch you know the lingo hoe lol
vulgar	lol toughen up pussy
vulgar	that hoe skilled
vulgar	we gotta find this hoe
clean	song trash....
vulgar	boi stop! Aint no hoes in the 11th ward...never have been either, thats why nobody knew where our hood was..aint no hoes
vulgar	is such a hoe . Wear your shoes ya big bitch .....you missed the couch shot Ray Allen bailed you out ......pussy
vulgar	r u a faggot?
vulgar	that shit chunky lol
clean	carne asada, Gallo pinto, tajadas verde, queso frito and a salad With milca
vulgar	psh if a (sexy) bitch gotta sexy voice she can easily get shit goin
vulgar	pussy
vulgar	stop being a pussy.
vulgar	ha ha look what this fag said lol
vulgar	yep lmao. Its been a hectic few weeks. Waddup ho
clean	go Yankees
vulgar	hahahh thank you fag boy! #represent
vulgar	exactly so tweet some other shit fuck all that don't be like everybody this ain't monkey see monkey do koiya
vulgar	Inch that bitch out and flick it wit my tongue like a damn pinada
vulgar	don't pay dem bitches and they dirty ass chucks no mind bro
vulgar	we gotta get like 20 heads to go. Everyone brings tree, some bring food, bitches, and liquor of course.
clean	Homemade Angel Food, yellow cake with half-inch chocolate frosting, Devil's Food to die for, Pecan Pie
clean	I was gone once, dog ran a coon up the transformer pole, she picked it off with one shot-and still had electricity!
vulgar	is having a birthday so make sure you tell that bitch be happy. celebrate without drugs
clean	why were there penguins and a bird in the puppy bowl???
vulgar	lol damn. just thought i'd let you know. my dad was going super saiyan ape shit.
vulgar	nooo I am....lmfao and don't bitch me ya bitch
clean	I volunteer to be guinea pig and help test it out
vulgar	lmao...nigga talking like he bag bitches
clean	well pee is oft yellow.
vulgar	says the scrawny nigger.
vulgar	prairie nigger
vulgar	haha alright well you gotta get here and see this bitch haha you'll scare the shit outta him I already have
vulgar	haha no but I was ready to slap that bitch again he came walkin in my room to say hi while I was playin saints in my underwear -_-
vulgar	bitch
vulgar	Fuck you bitch
vulgar	all bitches all day all the time
vulgar	; My ass just won't be on that hoe!
clean	; so you about to purpose to Charlie?
vulgar	I'm a dirty ass nigga with a clean dick. Fucked a bitch in her ass then she sucked my dick. omg Lil B we aren't ready.
clean	her face ugly to me, her nudes were trash.
vulgar	this hoe
clean	my fault it sound like it fucc nicca
vulgar	what you say bitch? #selfiesONselfies
vulgar	bare it bitch. See what I did there
vulgar	keep them around so new bitches know they could be the next ex if they dont stay in line.
vulgar	we're talking about fucking you right in the pussy
vulgar	yer dirty pussy
vulgar	do it pussy
vulgar	No woman deserves to be sole stomped like that. He is a bitch, and so is everyone watching doing nada.
clean	Statement of the Day: Ppl who are even dumber than he is. The ole birds of a feather type of deal.
clean	Our Disco we used for disaster recovery was an awesome brownie points to how well built they are. Most extreme conditions!
clean	Charlie Day?
vulgar	you Sick bitch didnt even invite me
vulgar	shut up bitch
vulgar	niggahs be like im draggn my nutts in 2 degree weather , out tgere Frozed like a bitch
vulgar	so your a dumb bitch?
vulgar	ur so anal stfu for once u bitch
vulgar	basically we ain't got room for basic bitches.
vulgar	ha.. she got them bitches worked on
vulgar	bitch I know you seen me tweet bout you
vulgar	bitch bye.
vulgar	bitch who is you?
vulgar	alright nah bitch you want play on Twitter.
vulgar	you got cancer hoe
vulgar	bitch you didn't feed me. You asked my to buy you a burger
vulgar	bitch nobody want you
vulgar	bitch that's why I'm bouta go to waffle
vulgar	bitch you not coming
vulgar	I read that in his voice like a hoe
vulgar	fml both or half breed ex at the gym. Ugh
vulgar	Nice pussy.
clean	your a big yute to be having slits in your brows my darg lol drop it out
vulgar	haha Noo bitch now! stop playing games hoe!
clean	And the Yankees gave you a win. :) Happy Birthday!!
vulgar	- I'm jst fckn w/ you. I've always wanted to jigg hella good too. we jst not wild enough to be in the circle cuz.
vulgar	ratchet white trash
vulgar	some white bitch on Facebook lol
vulgar	get a real hair cut faggot. I served my country in the Marines for 8 years. What have u done.
vulgar	ur a fucking half breed dog. Stop acting.
vulgar	yall playful don't come dumb hoes
clean	I've only like about 3 pair..they're overpriced trash ..
clean	Naw... I'm trash... Keep ya pity hugs...
vulgar	booty wop sided as hell
clean	two birds with one stone Biggs.
vulgar	pussy
clean	Hey #teabagger the #benghazi thing is a joke. 13 Benghazis under Bush, no hearings. More on Benghazi than real 9-11 attack
vulgar	they bout to try and hoe you next
vulgar	what are you doing up right now Tavares. Kickin my bitch to curb for being too dramatic again?
vulgar	reason for why he only rap about pussy... What am I supposed to talk about? smh How bout you make music that ain't NEGATIVE!
vulgar	I'm apparently the Good Luck Chuck of bitches. -.-
vulgar	Y'all both trash
clean	I want some clams on the half shell :-)
clean	You date colored men?
vulgar	here's my opinion on the matter..... She's a cunt.
vulgar	Well, wouldn't coast YOU that much but I don't see you going bass fishing with a bunch of rich rednecks either.
vulgar	you hoes ain't loyal
vulgar	nigga caping for the bitch like we haven't all seen her nudes already.. What does he want tf
vulgar	pussy whipped
vulgar	She doin homework you jiggaboo. Let her be
vulgar	Nigga what. 11-5 without a warm up and you traveled like a bitch
vulgar	stick to the court hoe
vulgar	bitch follow me
vulgar	I hope so, the bitch was annoying! I think, she thought she was smart or something!
vulgar	LOL! That was a cyber bitch slap for sure!
vulgar	Where'd you go big mouth bitch? Busy Choking on that Cock I told you to find?
clean	don't trash Jersey...ODDS ARE..YOU WOULDN'T LAST 10 MINUTES AROUND HERE! Go back to watching BARNEY!
clean	BWAHAAAA I just choked on an Oreo cookie! I'M figuring, this may have something to do with it!
vulgar	Breeding a Nation of Pussies, now how the hell is a Man, a Man...IF HE's A PUSSY! I'm concerned, WE have pussies psycho's!
vulgar	yeah, I seen you tweet about bitch block. I used it...it fits!
vulgar	yeah...I try NOT to follow them ZULU looking bitches. #muslims FLAT OUT NO WAY! I use my sheets on my bed, NOT MY HEAD!
vulgar	LOL! It's an acronym for: that hoe over there.
clean	It's retarded. Ignore the harlem shake fad and hope it goes away soon.
vulgar	so everybody knw I mis-spell shit ... ion proof read shit!!! let ah bitch call me dumb ima back dey ass up
vulgar	but bitch nobody was wanting your ass. U assumed that cuz u let dogs run up in yo filth u think i want some of it...NOT!
vulgar	but S HE got a pussy now which makes him a her. And she's bad. So..
vulgar	Atlanta niggas* Bay niggas gotta chill. I'm shitting on you hoes.
vulgar	stfu nigguh I've been reading the manga for the longest and you know that
vulgar	poor poor parker has nothing...without aaryn 2 bitch about no 1 would even know he was around a looser
vulgar	dat bitch a tampon
clean	a box full of yellow crayons.
vulgar	I gotta keep my hoes on private.
vulgar	I thought you was talm bout the school wifi I was gon say all you had to do was ask a bitch
vulgar	man y'all niggas chill man I'm High af tho . Y'all niggas ain't even tell me who the hoe is
clean	What did I prove for you? That you're blissfully ignorant? Group thinker? Political chump and race traitor?
clean	yellow bone be oh so easy wit da name callin b
vulgar	belle bitch?
vulgar	you went IIIIIIINNNNNN on this hoe bro!!!
vulgar	omg my mom did it on Christmas once if I hadn't been the hostess that year I would've slit her throat
vulgar	You and should name a group called MOB - Moaning old bitches
vulgar	shut the fuck up you cry baby, all you do is bitch and whine about life, shits retarded.
vulgar	uh oh its 9/11 what you gonna preach and cry about today faggot.
vulgar	fag
clean	I just wanted brownies man
clean	I'll trade you one car drift for brownies.
vulgar	fake niggah! They fake!
vulgar	shit gettin money fuckin hoes uk how dat go lmaooooo
vulgar	doesn't wife these bitches
clean	But seriously, it's the only reason I use a Mega whatsoever. Pure favoritism. Also those sweet fuzzy wings.
vulgar	he seems like a weak faggot so probably yea
vulgar	I almost have enough rank to buy some stuff from the purple bitch. What should I buy from the exotic guy?
vulgar	buck beaners security started pushing him that jetsgreen faggot around
vulgar	Slutty ass dykes
clean	lol I already made it. I'm waiting on my brownies to finish
vulgar	nigga yes you do! Take me on a ride in that bitch pleaseee
vulgar	free world bitch
vulgar	rams are for fags
vulgar	you don't want to battle, you shook cause ain't no such things as half way crooks ....bitch
vulgar	you're still a free world bitch , don't deserve your 313 area code !
vulgar	yeah I like them too but Im not annoying ass bitch about it. Support them but dont bitch
vulgar	I'm gonna tell my friend not to buy your scuf now dumb chink frail pussy
vulgar	use coconut oil faggot
vulgar	this shit sorry than a hoe
clean	it's supposed to be grey with speckled blue midsole and the soles are more yellow than icy so pass
clean	I don't suck tho, you're just mad because you're trash and I carried you. you always had 0 points
vulgar	the witches took them hoe
vulgar	nvm thought we were talking fifa sorry matt you're not trash at zombies
vulgar	it's got good mojo for sure. Paybacks a bitch
clean	You're saying zebras are goth?
vulgar	Nice pussy.
clean	I'm not trying to be critical but Jr. literally looks like he just ate a pot brownie, got off a couch and put on his gloves
vulgar	miss you ya fucker, send me a txt every now and again like ya used to all ill do the same ya twat :p
vulgar	yes. Touch my bitch? Get ya shit knocked
vulgar	lucky as bitch ft. Juicy J
clean	i hope you get better soon! colds are for the birds
vulgar	u aint bout it wop
vulgar	stop calling her a bitch *crystal voice*
vulgar	yes bitch.
vulgar	what kind of hoe are you dressing up as?
clean	welcome back b.. without your daily rants my TL was trash af
vulgar	eeeeeeeee you got the hoes
clean	be my guest. I want to be a bird I think
vulgar	like the cure time when u shut da fuck up from gettin in other folks bizness like a lil bitch
vulgar	we block us then and see what happens. You think we on ya high yellow ass now. Just watch
vulgar	: stfu hoe
vulgar	bitch fuck you get out my mentions malzeno!
vulgar	would be funnier if America and not pussy Canada.
vulgar	I smiled first and then you mugged . So of course ima mugg back. Can't bitch out lol
vulgar	thank you for proving my bitch ass wrong tonight.
vulgar	ya 5 games are you a retard?
vulgar	lmaooo djs stranger danger, im just a coon.
vulgar	Am not down with gay shit u better ask my bitch
vulgar	bitch you can get to.
vulgar	bring yo bitch ass whith em jump in want to and get yo ass beat up
vulgar	hoe I'm at work til like 8
vulgar	stop looking porn fag
vulgar	bitch I told you to hit me when you got back
vulgar	cuz bitches love cheesy
vulgar	stop being bitchy bitch
clean	tegenwoordig weet je ook al niet wat voor vlees je eet,voor je t weet is t zebra of een aap
vulgar	Ha!!!! The shyt niggas tell hoes 2 ho wanna be more...
vulgar	follow me bitch lol u too good to follow back ha ha
clean	Cant the Yankees make some last weeks moves??
vulgar	just got his pussy kicked, he's out, done, wins, per Fox News.... #Election2014 #tcot #gop #teaparty #p2
vulgar	In many areas has that look, but need to see bean count-said it before, beans are a bitch-tend to do what you don't expect
vulgar	was like had some gas cause I hit that bitch one time and ended up talkin shit all night bitch was fried
vulgar	I am brown, while you are black and ignorant, your stupidity makes me sick, typical thug looking nigger.
vulgar	thats why the hoes love her...they can relate to being lonely depressed lol
vulgar	It's s favorite fucking jam! I haven't seen it, but judging by there being a little girl in it, it's probably trash
vulgar	you tryna say I'm a pussy? Of course I'm tryna slam. I ain't no pussy duuuuuuu
vulgar	keep ya draws on hoe!!
clean	You mean the one I colored with crayons isn't copacetic?
clean	His do not, until playoffs. But luckily, this means that any future kid will definitely root for the Yanks. #priorities
vulgar	nah its bc I'm a bad bitch
vulgar	pussy
vulgar	pussy shit
vulgar	here it's a wtf dude are you fucking retarded
vulgar	thx hoe
vulgar	Your a dirty cunt mate lol #missingtheaussies
vulgar	if it were close than we could bitch but that was going on 10 to zip on scorecards ... Rightful mercy stoppage
vulgar	yea, it looks fag-like
vulgar	suck my dick you cunts
vulgar	good bitch
clean	the grass is greener on the other side of the fence of course it's also a soggy septic field
clean	The Yankees of football was the funniest part of your latest video. Sincerely, all of Pittsburgh.
clean	Reason #2 I didn't order a shirt: Taffy will know where I live and he would probably find me and stab me.
clean	means trash lol
vulgar	ayyy tell that bitch in your avi she needs fix a flat for dat flat ass
clean	interested. Just wanted to see a better pic of the soles
vulgar	bitch fuck you!! You cut off until I get my snacks from fat boys !
vulgar	bitch stop harassing me!!!!!!!
vulgar	you killed that hoe
vulgar	bitch im always out
vulgar	damn makin bitches jealous in reality Twitter/facebook. Prolly mad bc if her pic was posted it wouldnt be taken as a joke!
vulgar	my fuckin mom is a bitch. Like she aint even payin for it. Dylan is and he said its fine.
vulgar	u really got these coons out here dreaming
vulgar	how is it fucked up, you fucking retard? condemning Ray Rice, yet supporting Chris Brown, who's a women abuser. that's logical?
vulgar	Lovin all the pussy pics
clean	i thought i was the ghetto word for babe
vulgar	yaaaas bitch
vulgar	oh bitch you toooo far!
vulgar	bitch look homeless and u say meth not weed ur a fucking discrimination to American but enough of the bull shit what up fuk boy
vulgar	haha faggot
vulgar	little bitch
vulgar	only if you're a twat as well. Be not a twat my son.
vulgar	Dis bitch gots spunk!
vulgar	pussy
vulgar	its the truth... We dont love these hoes
vulgar	up your ass you little twat*
vulgar	who is this we..? I dont love hoes
clean	thank you again mick
vulgar	barely a rhyme dumb bitch
vulgar	bitch
clean	u look like that fat kid on Charlie walker the that got stuck it the chocolate tube.
vulgar	wigga why the fuck r u in this conversation with yo stalking ass
vulgar	bitch I don't want yo fat ass following me hoe
vulgar	bitch am dumb bitch am smarter than yo fat Peter Griffin looking ass
vulgar	bitch when r u going to get ur round, I just fucking said this just proving my point
vulgar	bitches like u be proving my point, u speak on shit u know nothing about I got a fucking at studio movie grill just stfu
vulgar	now fuck that stfu shit how a bout u stop being a little bitch and get it round cuz u avoiding question u fucking scarry
vulgar	u calling me a pussy but u not bout shit fuck all this talking let's pop shit off then
vulgar	wow your fucking lame we all laughing at ya. Hey fat ass u want Twinkie, and what u said made no sense go eat or something
vulgar	lmao im bein foreal fuck all them bitches like that!
clean	have her learn the first 30 seconds of Flesh and the Power it Holds- Death. That riff would be cool for a bird to do lol
vulgar	really telling me to call him boo.... Uhhh naw you the niggah that's that
vulgar	i don't FW that nigga he pussy
vulgar	well I for damn sure ain't putting on no pussy ass romo jersey
vulgar	all I heard was I'm a bitch nigga
vulgar	you're such a bitch
clean	would be perfect w/a graham cracker flavored bun or a maple dougnut bar.
vulgar	my phone was dead fag man
clean	Oh, me, too! Pain meds just made my brain fuzzy and though Banjo Kazooie for a sec.
vulgar	happy birthday!! I hope the bitches got you something good
vulgar	#Sequester Den the fat colored girl chased me down day street while she swingin da table wit one arm... I wants my pay!!!
vulgar	so is my pussy
vulgar	touch my throbbing pussy
clean	all that trash talk and we win championships!!! You're boring me dude #NationalChamps
vulgar	haha 1. I would go for the S 2. Those fag colors are reserved for
vulgar	Has transformed to a bad bitch. She can get the D
vulgar	I want to suck your pussy
vulgar	slap a bitch
vulgar	That's what happens when you have pussies for presidents and generals, you have to fight the same war over and over again.
clean	Thanks for the follow guys! I'm enjoying a cold yellow belly right now.
clean	closet muzzie
vulgar	ugly bitch cdfu
clean	Your mind is free and your soul. satan will present to u in his kingdom the things that mock u. Stay strong in Yahshua...
clean	Hello dare momma. I show glad dat u follow me. U lbe screamin hot in dem pitchers. You eva b wit colored men?
vulgar	My mfn BIRTHDAY!!! Pink Champaign in dat bitch!!!
vulgar	it sucks rachels sister is such a snobby bitch n rach is so nice!!!!!cant stand elissa, so snutty
vulgar	sup nappy headed hoe you got quiet
clean	Starts making monkey faces behind you
clean	that pic with the red bone in braids and that tiger in the back for sale?
clean	teabaggers weakening food and environmental regulations is infinitely more scary and lethal than terrorism.
clean	Looking at the Royals and wondering what could have been if we didn't decimate the Yankee farm system.
vulgar	shut up you nappy headed hoe
vulgar	happy birthday bitch
vulgar	spiked that bitch damned nailed her down
clean	You look like a monkey
vulgar	that area is a bitch regardless so I can imagine
vulgar	I ain't no lady bitch
clean	sheeze a yellow bone
vulgar	what that pussy do tho?
vulgar	lol ive gotten into with retards on here who actually think i am my avi -_- ive gotten called ugly black bitch. like......
vulgar	it is, we be thugging on these bitches too hard now days
vulgar	bitches crazy
vulgar	I am working fag
vulgar	fine walk bitch
vulgar	better bitch!:)
vulgar	bitch ion talk to 3 shit ion even talk to 1 can you even name 1 ? Lol
vulgar	Lakers are trash
vulgar	hahaha awe yea! Got a date with the baddest bitch around!
vulgar	I got tits as big as a hoe so it evens out
vulgar	bitch you said you don't even like trae , fuckin poser!!
vulgar	he's a little bitch in general , fug Seattle
vulgar	ohhhhhh , I smell a challenge . USA vs USA next time I see ya bitch ass
vulgar	peace my negro !
vulgar	unfortunately you are correct sir , still eat shit and die though ....bitch :)
vulgar	should have fucked that bitch up
clean	If NBC has elected you to be a spokesman for NBC they are in a lot of trouble. I and friends will no longer watch NBC trash 1
vulgar	Wonder how many US citizens have joined ISIS after listening to Joe Scarborough trash this black President? Good Job Joe!!
vulgar	You bitch and complain about how bad our vets are being treated yet you are still willing to send them off to war? Sick idiot!!
vulgar	thats a goddamn terrible joke you gbe lookin bitch
vulgar	you already know they go to fed for me ah bitch be ready to walk out the door
vulgar	....you tink u done made a funny? nigga come #lookatathehood I got nightclubs, trannies, crackheads, dealers, COME AT ME
clean	AS IN #nature #biology Dogs don't eat each other as much as birds do. Not everything is as it seems in human terms.
vulgar	text me bitch
clean	Im a proud wacko bird, how bout you?
vulgar	Squad builders gets you bitches
vulgar	Grade A pussy.
vulgar	bitch I'm proud to be black, ur a samba
vulgar	nigga I seen yo ass at da welfare center, punk bitch, ain't worth my time
vulgar	work, is something adults do for money, not borrow from money... Broke bitch
vulgar	rape? Of course.. The only way you could get pussy. Smh
vulgar	rich? Haha u broke bitch. No women would ever fuck you. Lol.
vulgar	oh hell no! Fuck you Uncle Tom bitch, I remember yo punk broke ass
vulgar	naw them boys trash we started coasting
vulgar	lmao 60 but Im hella skinny so bitches dont like me
vulgar	this pic is trash. D!ck is dry af.
vulgar	Don't be a bitch.
vulgar	I send them hoes because ain't nobody gone play me but geez lmao not when they ask for them
vulgar	ohh yaa, he wants Brooke to be his pinkie toe so he can bang it on the coffee table. What a twat!! Lol
clean	5 of us decided to drink Everclear and go to a Yankees game.. Only two made it to their seat
vulgar	I fucking hate you lmao but thank you, little dick van dyke
clean	When Mary asked him about it, said the part you eat is white-you throw the yellow away
vulgar	Where your white hoes at bro lol
vulgar	wake and bake before school hoe !!!
vulgar	yh I did niggah yh that shyt dope trust me fam ..
vulgar	yep, them bitches are dumb af....loyal but dumb lol
vulgar	I'm so tipsy... I just tried to relate hoes to mild sauce and make it relevant lol
vulgar	i think i need to see said bitch in question
vulgar	yeah, what a bitch, eh? life sucks. everyone should have the equal opportunity to lose their shirt in divorce court.
clean	wow I can put slit trophies against u in those
vulgar	I swear I thought you were describing a pussy. ...I gotta go to bed.
vulgar	ay nigguh so when ya coming back
vulgar	I don't know, I'm hoe-less, so I don't know where they congregate
vulgar	bitch
vulgar	some blockhead hoe, she ain't nothing,boo
vulgar	bitch im sick .
vulgar	freeze bitch
vulgar	mhm bitch don't play with your life
vulgar	lmao yes bitch
vulgar	bitch please.
vulgar	bitch please. Don't get shot, Doug.
clean	Random thought - If a bird crossing the path of a FG try were impacted by ball causing it to deflect off course. Re-kick or miss?
clean	Thirsty Giants are always like ho, ho, ho
vulgar	We were making those brownies at 4 am tired as a bitch. under the circumstances they're pretty good
vulgar	ik he felt like a bad bitch. Take it down a notch dex
vulgar	#EarthDayNOAA Is da colored folk allowed to join? Cuz in my hood folk worried about da watermelon not growin and da chicken too small
vulgar	try being respectful, instead of acting like a fucking retard.
clean	Yeah..cause if anyone thinks this clown went to to buy Oreos is as stupid as all of them look
clean	ugh , put one 420 dead center off him
clean	Dat damn dog eats betta den most colored folk do.
vulgar	Dat dawg live betta den most colored folk in my hood
clean	I be wishin you was local. I takes you to da Yankee game and spoil you
clean	I gots to be bein colored and all
vulgar	Yeah man. He even scare me and I is a nigger
clean	You never survive in da colored hood
vulgar	Dat colored guy be braisin
clean	I likes da Yankees
clean	Its Perfection. My brain crossed wires or something, I dont know why I came up with Concentration,maybe the ghetto one
vulgar	Ware da colored elite meet to eat
vulgar	Thanks for calling me a fucking fag.
vulgar	That pup was like, this bitch is AWESOME! Can I go home with YOU?
vulgar	you a lil bitch man,keep my name out to mouth. That's all ima say. #shhh
vulgar	... he is a redneck fuck. This turd cutter is the lyinest of liars and his district is made up of yhe same...
vulgar	You suck it commie bitch
vulgar	even this piss colored piece of shit bought a one. Smh I hate you now
vulgar	you may not like my stance on cops, but i didn't (and would not) call you a cunt. please stop copying me on these tweets.
vulgar	that's like what some trailer trash chick would name their cat /-:
vulgar	nah that shit gets me heated. I have the smartest mouth and know what I'm doing and get called a retard. I'm done playing games
clean	purple monkey
vulgar	always down patty never been a pussy
vulgar	suck on my throbbing pussy
vulgar	suck it up pussy
vulgar	I'm already a hot white bitch and hot Latina get on my level
vulgar	bitch me too
vulgar	these bitches drippin sauce
vulgar	which one bobby bitch or hot nigga?
clean	I feel that.. i see nothing wrong with the gta killing bc it's not the sole purpose of the game
clean	u still a mutt tho lol
clean	y u not on the monkey bars too lol
vulgar	I'm already out that bitch hahaha
vulgar	I'm signing up and it's ghetto as fuck lmaoo
vulgar	i trusted you queer cakes! wheres the passion? she made me do it dammit
vulgar	that kids a fag
vulgar	Oil? who said sumthin bout oil? bitch you cookin?
clean	......so.....white people selling #African art? NOT COOL? Okay. #blackish #redskins #doublestandard
vulgar	Alright pussy.
vulgar	Who the Hell needs permission for anything from that fat-assed, ghetto whore?
vulgar	Fuck her right in the pussy
vulgar	nigga I still pull tho, and fuck you bitch u stfu
vulgar	bitch who scarry am not backing down from no fuck nigga the fuck you talking bout hoe ass nigga stop dat talking and pull up
vulgar	fuck what a nigga gonna do I wanna see it and tell that nigga to stop acting like a bitch then
vulgar	bitch i hit you with the dm and a nigga aint dm back
clean	chug pee
vulgar	hahahaha move bitch get out the wayyyeee
vulgar	haha pussy lololol
vulgar	a bitch got 8 I'm trinna change 2
vulgar	just wait....karma is a #bitch
vulgar	lucky bitch!
vulgar	bitch you hella late I went yesterday lol
clean	nip Im tryna buy a copy of #Crenshaw!! But your website is down.. Let me know something!
vulgar	burnt tho .. Jus like a nicca
vulgar	your such a bitch lol
vulgar	faggot
vulgar	faggot ass fucking snitch
clean	I can't wait for the day they take them be a boon for the entire nation
vulgar	now kindly fuck off, like you said you were..twice! you sound like a little bitch...bitching! FUCKIN STALKER!
clean	is so excited about his red velvet brownie.
clean	If they trash in yr 3 or 4 he'll waive it lol
clean	Charlie Brown A Christmas Story Rudolph, but only because of the island of misfit toys.
vulgar	I called him a pussy and got blocked real quick by him and Bobby Kelly. I cant say I upset about it.
vulgar	no comparison the Beatles are a bunch of cunts, but the band that matters the most is The Faces IMO. Stones second.
vulgar	dishing Texas trash talking pts with racist maybe if GBush had apologize for all his sins he wouldn't be hiding
vulgar	he forced it lol mad bitches came to my mind thru every bar
clean	birds of a feather flock together y'all
vulgar	FaceTime me nigger
vulgar	hope not, I love dat bitch
vulgar	think its cause she saw me doing biceps lmao jk im still a bitch !
vulgar	fucking stupid crackers
vulgar	fucking creepy ass nigguh lmao
clean	I like brownies
clean	SOO when we hanging out and makin brownies!!
vulgar	basically we're mad at them for being hoes
vulgar	lmaoo you're the pussy who will call the cops. Also if I wanted to find yu I would. But I'm not gonna waste my time with you
vulgar	you women. And when you getting money the hoes gone come so how does that sound gay ? Rather make money anyday
vulgar	Yeah them hoes straight ima grab that light blue pair
vulgar	not dykes or anything
vulgar	no one cares nigger
vulgar	to late niggers died first
vulgar	what's up nigger
vulgar	idk who gave that bitch my name
vulgar	this bitch not tellin me
vulgar	white bitch?
vulgar	bitch get yo duck ass off my shit
clean	lemme just throw a 302 in it, how's the tranny??
vulgar	lay in it brother I'm a honky
vulgar	Yankee noodle is fucking awesome ya bastard.
vulgar	let a honky know man lol
clean	basic trash
vulgar	hey hoe
vulgar	ima call his retarded ass
vulgar	thats what i call it too !! Lol its beyond ghetto smh but man u needa quit playin and come back
vulgar	just know a countryass old bitch in Tn. has ur back!
vulgar	thanks for the invite tho bitch
vulgar	your just building the pussy up lmao!
vulgar	haha because I'm too cool for them hoes lmao jk I got reported supposedly that I was a fake account
vulgar	the bitch that took my phone
vulgar	yep, which is messier/more dangerous/more environmentally-unfriendly than their retarded new spouts.
clean	naah da twitter bird
vulgar	you gonna be 33 years old with no bitches watch...lol
vulgar	what a smelly hater bitch
vulgar	here come the desperate hoes
clean	that matters ?
clean	you should check it out... it aint animated and has Charlie Murphy in it
vulgar	But no joke I will say NO IT IS NOT an Oleander and wife will say Son of a bitch.. Ron, yes the hell it is get out your book
vulgar	Calm down you little Asian lol just go flip a bitch!
vulgar	this ho Korina is craycray.
vulgar	fuck you bitch
vulgar	Did you take a picture of your pussy I hope you super sized it because it's huge grand canyon size
vulgar	boy talk about a,special kind of stupid far left is a under statement down retarded
vulgar	another keyboard commando in real life you hide like a little bitch
vulgar	don't get head from hoes with overbites
vulgar	it's a band negro
vulgar	exotic bitches do exotic things these hoes aint loyal
vulgar	mine will say the intimidator cause bitches can't handle it.
vulgar	..biggest liars ever ...republican teabagger asshats like stockboy #pinoccio
vulgar	if u zoom in you can see his hairy nipples
clean	in the trash
vulgar	sleep niggah! Lol
vulgar	I'll bitch slap you to the shadow realm!
vulgar	come draw and paint with me niggah!
vulgar	go to sleep you fag!
vulgar	in San Diego niggah!
vulgar	niggah you gay!
vulgar	not fair! You're still a faggot -.-
vulgar	you wish niggah!!!
vulgar	kik me u nigglet I need to know when we outs to the pool
vulgar	text me u nigglet
vulgar	Where does that fucking muzzie edict come from? Feds or Prov govt's?
vulgar	An end to the ordination of women and faggots, whose only aim is to weaken and split our communion.
vulgar	Chippah I hopes you ain't be hangin wit dis wigger boy
vulgar	one charlotte store, but of course they are faggots
vulgar	bitch been on there for ah mintue cdfuuuu
clean	Overpriced complete trash. Not even debatable.
vulgar	bitch nigga
vulgar	bitch tits
vulgar	I know you are a pussy ass coward that is weaker and smaller like GZ
vulgar	we don't send pussy ass cowards to old sparky
vulgar	yeah because George Zimmerman is a pussy ass coward.
clean	I need some clams on the half shell :-). Down here all you can get is deep fried clam necks.
vulgar	she a hoe not a housewife
vulgar	neck TITTIES then pussy
vulgar	imma shoot that bitch
vulgar	yeah, us crackers are the devil.
vulgar	I said something to you gorilla, stop listening to monkey music
vulgar	YEAH! When you see him again.....That son of a bitch owes me money! Tell him I been looking for him!
vulgar	right these hoes ain't loyal
vulgar	This bitch is not only an idiot but a troll! #spamblocked so keep spewing ur shit
vulgar	put your money up pussy
clean	you and me having Twitter bird shaped pancakes that would just be a start
vulgar	alright then we'll in calling you a pussy also
vulgar	G's up, hos down, Rush. I mean clearly he likes to party.
vulgar	I called your bitch ass
vulgar	oh, it's coming up, little bitch, and the U.S. Has no veto over it. It'll be a thrill to watch.
clean	nah some honkey lookin dude at chr
vulgar	Yup, he did, like a straight bitch
vulgar	The Biebs is getting fucked right in the pussy
vulgar	This look more like your little baby son of a bitch.
vulgar	right in the pussy
clean	Exactly by folks who can't favor to get into that lovely old stadium.
clean	I miss NYC!! Nashville needs a pro AL team. The closest is KC or Tampa. That's pretty bad. The south is NL.
clean	I miss the pizza! The passion.
clean	Oh yeah. And the annoying damn duck calls?? They outta be banned. Duck horns??
clean	Just getting in! I hope so. Cause they stunk it up last night.
vulgar	\the whole bunch of the trash needs 2 jus go away. they r jus trash!!!
vulgar	omg... ppl gonna bitch...
clean	HAHAHA chunky goalkeeper makes a save with his stomach
clean	i prefer zebra visually. Didn't know about lesser costs.
clean	love H.birds! Used to feed them when I lived in WA state. Hv them on mtn in S.Ore
clean	Someone gave me a nip of Baileys irish cream coffee, what can i use it with,suggestions?
clean	I dont understand how its weak to give anything to Jeter when the Astros barely have any history with the Yankees
vulgar	I don't love these hoes
vulgar	that's Arabic for you one pussy gettin motha fucka
vulgar	lmoa @ high as giraffe pussy
clean	too make up for your yellow chompers? #candyass
vulgar	I thought it was beyond retarded & not scary at all!
vulgar	Me? Nigga YOU the pussy. I got hands for you dawg!
clean	hey, do you have that screen shot of djk's wiki page being updated regarding the trash can incident?
vulgar	can we plz go to Starbucks and do that. Ebola sounds like a really ghetto hood name tbh.
vulgar	shut up bitch nigga
vulgar	hell no man I'm retarded good at situps.. that run was weak tho
vulgar	do I look like mike Vick bitch
vulgar	Article is flawed. Took my first CHP with BRPD. Was well done. Even had 2 ghetto gals with a jammy Hi-purnt 9 but well done
clean	yung nakalagay sa second page ng handout na may closed ended questions etc. Tapos lalagay sa 1/2 yellow pad
vulgar	bitch
vulgar	you like men faggot.
vulgar	shouldve caught it the first time nigger
vulgar	taking off like a bitch bra
vulgar	idgaf hoe
vulgar	nicca u read what i typed u aint slo by a long shot dont play dumb now litebrite lol
clean	Typical Hitchens type atheist and was watching a doc on how hollywood hates god, ready to mock it.
vulgar	why hold back? Just say they're as retarded as their tits are fake there's no in between...
vulgar	This nothing to do with my shoes you ignorant twat.
vulgar	Damn you just called yourself a bitch bruh ? Lol
vulgar	I'm talkin bout sluts and hoes in general
clean	Would not spend my money on trash like that!
vulgar	I honesty think the internet is just full of retards.
vulgar	before I went off to college I wanted to get a ukulele but quickly realised I'd be a bigger fag than the guitar kid in the quad.
clean	ho no. Without ur vote we lost the election. AK49 is taking oath as PM today. :-)
vulgar	I know right? But here I am wasting time thinking 1more hr till I start the day... I'm retarded!
clean	....yeah....I don't think its about #injuns. I think #redskins is about #politics and #alcoholism in #WashingtonDC .....
clean	My current favorite line is Shea Moisture. It's at Target and CVS. Great for dry, curly, and/or colored hair.
vulgar	whatever hoe
vulgar	This guy would SO get a show on Spike if they could somehow revive the son of a bitch. I'd watch.
clean	strawberry shortcake. Stacked with whipped cream, yellow spunge-cake, sliced #strawberries freshly picked from the farm w/ my kids.
vulgar	Just played against a Heimer support. Biggest faggot ever. Stupid cheese champion.
vulgar	if I get blocked I'll be on that bitches porch drunk and yelling. Holy shit.she was right..I am kanye
vulgar	my bitch got the dope in her panties sssshhhhh you to Dramatic
vulgar	u know how Hispanics be takin All the jobs these niggers won't? Yeah, somethin like a hispanic
vulgar	lmfao I wasn't scanning anything..the fat hoes was hittin me up
vulgar	how you gonna compare sushi to pussy tho there ain't no dicks going in your sushi
clean	naw I Juss like making you a lil mad I have been gone for too long tho I hate the boonies
vulgar	laughin at my screenshots. no bitch, this might be a code red.
vulgar	how about I just fuck you right in the pussy
vulgar	yes i like dick and i hate bitches. who am i now?
vulgar	aye sae en feeld kawkin dyke
vulgar	apparently not many bitches have seen that
vulgar	Cants even fool a colored man wit dis bullshit
vulgar	that bitch was going or nawl
vulgar	bitch ass voices in his head haha
vulgar	bitch ass Jorge Haha ain't you at work nigga?
vulgar	I'm drunk that hoe by myself bro solo dolo
vulgar	biiiiiiiitch don't start with this again haha my niggggg grandma come over hoe!! If ya want I'll try to scoop ya up today if ya
vulgar	shut up faggot
vulgar	fuck you bitch #shrimp #shorty #midget #dwarf #infant #jk
vulgar	pussy x3
vulgar	get some sleep pussy.
vulgar	- you heard me. letting people know you having relationship problems arguing on here, that's what them hoes like, so stop.
clean	Yeah he definitely wasn't the same guy who fought Lara but he cuts the ring off well which should be a huge boon to Canelo
vulgar	I popped a Molly every day last year #beat#that#bitch
vulgar	fuck you, punk ass racist lil dick bitch. I've reported you fool.
clean	word. Do any of ur decisions include anchor, feather, infinity sign, bird?
clean	in that picture yes, I haven't had an updated pic added the angel wing is colored now too, and thanks represents what I am ;)
vulgar	intimidated?! What pussies, all I see is a sweet, honest woman, but seriously you could make this stalking thing so much easier!
vulgar	happy birthday bitch!
vulgar	i can't why you up hoe
vulgar	everything but im outside come get this bitch
vulgar	man damn dude come get this bitch lml
clean	the only thing better than a bargain is a Yankee bargain.
vulgar	lmao that nigga was about to go Beethoven on that bitch
vulgar	still a bitch though
vulgar	these hoes ain't loyal
clean	get some money and stop playing that old trash.
vulgar	#fag Fuckin pirelli tire black ass nigga whit a white boy shirt on but my nigga did loosen up a lil bit.#bowbow
vulgar	haha yeah they do say im a little bitch
vulgar	with pick up lines like you have...I bet you get so much pussy, the numbers are in the negative.
clean	the hunters anthem goes Al Goreing we will go, Hi ho the dairy O Al Goreing we will go
vulgar	bitch
vulgar	wen he ho dwn da road
vulgar	no wonder your career is in the dump that's where trash like you belongs. Thanks to for pointing out your true colors
vulgar	PimpinKendotnet, sell a bitch pussy til it's drip drop wet, the vet, not the pet! Hey, Bitch!
vulgar	is a little bitch , that's why
vulgar	haha how much are you payed to CONSTANTLY NOT KNOW what you're talking about??? Dumb ass wade is trash
clean	man what about Wilson being the 2nd Black QB to win a chip? Talkn about trash talk. No shine for Russell..
vulgar	of course u would you PC lemming.one just says the word nigger.the other has all the potential to reek havoc on society
vulgar	Ms. Martinez fuckin with the cripple kid?!
vulgar	Sheet i can't do that too a cripple
vulgar	We in dat bitch, my dude!!!
vulgar	be a pussy as in cat
vulgar	be a pussy
clean	Hats on us not trash tho lol
vulgar	My nigga know he a bitch
vulgar	George didn't have a twitter called no limit nigga where he talked about fighting, drugs, guns, and bitches and hoes.
vulgar	Of course. I was being bitch. Learned from my mom how to make a guy feel like he's 1 foot tall.
vulgar	one time at band camp, I stuck a flute in my pussy -Spanish springs
vulgar	bitch crib while she cooks me cheesed eggs
vulgar	if we finna hoop inside or out fucking retard that's what I'm saying let me know allergic reaction lip ass nigga
vulgar	we some hoes bruhhh lol
vulgar	ya bitch crib
vulgar	he's texas trash bro
clean	I think most RPGs are for the birds. I ain't no bird brain yo
vulgar	retarded pussy games #notPC
vulgar	shoulda came to bird mans that shit was so lit
vulgar	she can stay as close as she pleases nigguh
vulgar	say how you do that I got this lil bitch who ain't getting the memo
vulgar	tryanna explain sumn to des young boys out here now days,they don't know wat a true pimp is I be pimpin des hoes moma Lmfaoo
clean	ugh..and lemme guess they have yellow cake too? Heard this story before..
vulgar	Not hard to...she's kind of a hoe.
vulgar	bitch watch ya tone before I drag you to the recycling bin you bitch ass nigga. You gon end up like limewire ol .exe ass nigga
vulgar	shut the fuck up. You guys a mediocre washed basura juice. Sit down and win close games against raiders and jets faggot
vulgar	target got them high class hoes
vulgar	you bitch -.-
vulgar	oh, you cute, you fancy bitch!
vulgar	getting into people's faces? LOL YET u r the teabagger all over my twitter dash. Shut the fuck up already.
vulgar	I could have that chick there boobs in my face and score the fight better than the bitch that made it 114-114
vulgar	that bitch should be in jail for that 114-114
vulgar	lmfao!!!!! I remember all the rednecks in my school with that shit lol
vulgar	I had free tickets and couldn't go because I had chemistry ain't that a bitch
vulgar	I knew farquaad a faggot
vulgar	Pusha T and Ye gonna have to write the whole bitch
vulgar	byee iverrishaa ghetto ass name
vulgar	jim Hogg county a dirt poor democrat leaning county.. Hebronville is it's seat. Been there it's a near ghetto
vulgar	Knocked that bitch soul out her body lol
vulgar	on god my bitch bad
clean	thanks!!! Now go clean that trash can ya lil nasty! Lol
vulgar	dead babies piled up like trash at a dump Something to be proud of
vulgar	ha lol like at selenas horny bitch lol
clean	Do you know how good Ho-Ho's are at 2am? answers, You haven't given up all your ho-ho's. Whoa.
vulgar	those god damn bitches smh run away!!!
vulgar	Drake is bitch made for that, likes Phonte so much and won't do a track over that....
vulgar	nah son we ca go half if it was my girl bitches be wanting to spend 400 and up on some fake hair
vulgar	like who let em bring Da heat in dis bitch .. #linkup bro
vulgar	is one of the rawest niccas doin dis shit!
vulgar	fr 12 was Finna bam a nicca he said yu lucky I jus got a robbery call
vulgar	bro do you fist bitches with that shit
vulgar	it's a song hoe
clean	Yeah we know about Anglo-American principles.#slavery #hate #racism
clean	not just gave 2k a trash non-basketball soundtrack, y'all still have problems with servers
clean	dawg, you so trash your momma got charged with littering when she dropped you off for school
vulgar	Aye bitch.
vulgar	But not disaster pussy. That thing is a wreck.
vulgar	faggot but you sent me hella nudes. Hmmmm
vulgar	shut the fuck up, your wack as fuck. Garbage mohawk having faggot, stop making music and shovel my snow scrub.
vulgar	duh...lol. Me tweeting about eating pussy from the back with my tongue in that made that obvious...lol
vulgar	only 3 1/2 yrs till next pres. bitches bout what o-dumb-a left her/him
clean	Dat was Charlie
vulgar	Tanks a lot dare mr. Pubes. I love my Uncle Tom :)
vulgar	You boys sure come up wit some crazy names. In my day, we never talked about no faggots
vulgar	So says the one who fills an empty hole inside herself by worshiping a royal. Who 4 all u kno may be a raging snotty bitch
clean	Green bananas are better then yellow ones too.
clean	lets not forget the fact that everyone and their mother has yellow fever
clean	Asains had to take the Wu Tang Clan; the draft was suppose to be for half breed like me and #FallingInTheDraft
vulgar	Ima make you a sick entrance song my nig
vulgar	you let me know then lol I'll go over and kill all them hoes
vulgar	I am just saying.. I would beat you down like the bitch that you are... then put my foot on your neck and shoot you
vulgar	LOL dude.. I wish they hadn't. I got a DD214 that would make a pussy like you cry for the enemy.
vulgar	bitch Boy
vulgar	bitch.
vulgar	no reason to hit with you when I know you pussy I won't get no cool points
vulgar	I lied, it hurt like a bitch, and it bruises your arm. I would suggest you don't do it lol
vulgar	because them niggas that told you bitch made they not real niggas or any kind of real
clean	ok chill love bird lol
vulgar	idk let's do some redneck shit. ask samuela.
vulgar	if we don't hang out until the concert smh ima kill a bitch
vulgar	you fucking twat just start talking
vulgar	pussy boi
vulgar	you aint shit pussy lol go get hit you aint been touched in 10 yrs lmfao
clean	fuzzy dice might be the nicest thing you could put in your car lol
clean	trash smh game rigged bumgarner took roids
vulgar	and I replied hoe
vulgar	gotta love Tanner Country, hoes all,haha!
vulgar	thanks, the bitch that proofread my tweets on vacation this week...
clean	cracker jack work, cdc - did ya think of checking THE PLANE FULL OF PEOPLE?
vulgar	poor 5SOS has annoying ass cunts as fans. They don't care about you at all you know.
vulgar	I gotta start treatin these ugly hoes like dimes.. Before they get fine on my ass
vulgar	You see the bitch with the fake leg that's bout to come on?? Lmao She kinda bad doe in the Pole
vulgar	her pussy smell like boiled hot dog water and lizard dick.
clean	Lester tried to eat your bird
clean	but is not even a blogger. He doesn't have the moxy or credentials to do anything by himself and create a brand.
vulgar	nonexistent hoes
vulgar	lol just like RGIII and go out like a weak bitch and return the next year and win 3 games
clean	I just noticed you guys called me a jiggaboo
vulgar	Nigga I will get dick cheese and force you to eat it bitch
vulgar	who knows man. That Uncle Tom mentality will never die. Ol Martin Baker headass
vulgar	I am always amazed at your resilience to keep on going into the night shift. Is it really better than the T.O. ghetto?
vulgar	Tony drinking sloppily and saying What? I cunt hear you, bare ass me again
clean	hopefully not back in da ghetto?
clean	lol find a redneck from oakleaf to take you
vulgar	I can tell from this tweet that you're a twat.
clean	ma'am ...Did you clear that tweet with the ? Careful they may brand you race traitor for the nerve of thinking
clean	your opinion plz. When election over will there be any improvement or will BO still be allowed to trash America?
vulgar	timber nigger
clean	in this world we don't spank the monkey the monkey spanks us.
vulgar	I got hoes in different area codes
vulgar	I roll up to a bitch an dey like
vulgar	Tim's a pussy
vulgar	hey nig
clean	Get me a bag of those pink n white coloured van sweets please. Thanks dude :-)
vulgar	thats what i thought pussy..
vulgar	you're not fucking relevant... you get followers from follow trains and then unfollow people because you're a faggot...
vulgar	nigger*
vulgar	bitch slap that asshole....with a chair!
vulgar	Just saw your black NRA skit. It was vile. You're not funny. Was a fan of yours, not anymore. #cunt
vulgar	okay but I'm the shit hoe.
clean	Y'all gots to take da colored vacation. Kentucky fried chicken but only da white meat
vulgar	That bitch is so stupid! It's the BEY hive, not the BEE hive. Lil Kim was the Queen B, Bey IS Queen B
vulgar	no bitch
vulgar	Real shit, that light armor is a bitch to find tho
vulgar	! This bitch is RTing hella cheese tweets right after I said I was lactose intolerant!! Why you gotta do that to me?! ;c
vulgar	and yes i said spitted bitch
vulgar	you a bitch for
vulgar	hoe the cookie crisp cop is on the case.
vulgar	why you gotta phone in your avi texting but you got negative bitches?
vulgar	and i dont have a mom bitch ass nigga u better shut your fucking mouth before i do it for you with duck ass
vulgar	if your going to talk shit at least back it up and fight bitch ass nigga i swear u niggas from are fake pussy boy
vulgar	lmfao and im still pulling hoes so how is that suppose to effect me is it suppose to hurt my felling fuck boy
vulgar	you talkinfgalot of shit but you cant back dem words up tho bitch ass nigga u not talking about fighting
clean	yeah and you're gonna play with retards who wanna do drugs all day but
vulgar	bitches need guidance. Lol
vulgar	.......now. If you photshopped #Pinhead like #JohnGalt with PISTONS instead of #faggot NEEDLES I might be impressed #gay
clean	PHOTOS: Kate Upton cheers on the Yankees at last night's game
vulgar	I think he's retarded or somethin
vulgar	come to the Davis show and celebrate with me you retard
vulgar	yeah hoe!
clean	Don't think anyone is mocking the man. I've seen people mock the bespectacle of social media mourning. Cultural zeitgeist of
vulgar	I love her too much. Maybe one of my bitchier birds...
vulgar	you getting new pussy and not sharing??
clean	I seeing ppl saying running a train on a bird, and a parry is the same thing, but das not what I know..so looking for clarity
clean	I thought he would think it was cute...you know, like when you shut your clam up for 5 minutes! #dunce
vulgar	wya bitch
clean	I'm redneck crazy
clean	and I believe we all evolved or whatnot, but I find it hard to believe that we all came from apes
clean	just pulled out his pocket Constitution! Bring it man! just mocked McCain's wacko-birds comment! HaHaHa!!!!! #standtall
vulgar	Deep in my pussy were your tongue should be. Dial 911 if you need halp.
vulgar	you were supposed to hang w me this week nigger
vulgar	doubt it cause a bitch aint nothing but a nigga downfall
vulgar	only great thing these bitches can offer
vulgar	she said she aint tricking off on them hoes...lls...foolish
vulgar	bad bitch with an open mouth
vulgar	trying to get a job after age 50 is a real bitch let alone a new career. Out of work 1.5 years. About to be homeless.
vulgar	cunt nigger fuck balls tits cocksucker piss dick kike. If you can't take swearing, don't go on the god damn internet.
vulgar	I'm finna get my leg dne my hands catch up hoe
vulgar	good one fag boy.
vulgar	i remember a time when Hilfiger wus seen as being above Polo...until he said he aint wan niggers wearing his ish...
vulgar	cunt
vulgar	bitch u lame as fuk lol
vulgar	yea ion do Brussel sprouts .. I barely do cordon Bleu but I wanted to try something dif .. I get tired of nigger foods
clean	Ok. So for what reason did god make parasitic worms whose sole purpose is to burrow into the eye of a small African child?
vulgar	lol u knw dem project bitches be having dem light brown roaches we call dem water bugs
clean	LMAO dude, you said we would get no commitment from Saudi Arabia or Jordan! How does crow taste? More proof you are full of it
vulgar	you sure ?. . . And lmao pussy!
vulgar	Hey...hoe di doe...dat is funny if its da girl
vulgar	chad reeds a fag he's a 5th kinda guy
clean	a bright neon yellow gauntlet
vulgar	you be fucking with to many hoes .
vulgar	lol that's basically like the you got too many hoes curve
vulgar	with your height, yeah. Chunky bitch
vulgar	just called me a basic bitch and I'm not sure how I feel about it
vulgar	and retarded. Love is always retarded. #sentimental
vulgar	what a little bitch
vulgar	follow me u sexy bitch
vulgar	lebron is a bitch #damian
vulgar	those guys are pussies
clean	there is a bird here on the ground and it's still alive I can't believe it
vulgar	And does he know you're calling him a fag?
vulgar	shiddd add me I a turn that bitch up lmao
vulgar	i will literally confront some bitch asses! Fo reall. Trill.
vulgar	photoshop my nig
vulgar	bitch.....k?
vulgar	Are the guns for being a bad bitch ?
vulgar	damn I just got called a hoe
vulgar	Go get that sum bitch
vulgar	remember that African bitch we used to work with at CMI?!
vulgar	right! These bitches be like damn I hope I get this job at Target BITCH DO BETTER!!! Still livin with ya momma ass hoe
clean	hey Hun!
vulgar	billy goat hillbillies you sucking fucking. You disgraceful brazzen faced unabashed pig
vulgar	in other words you are accustomed to niggers so muchYour Almighty one can be next to u, but yo nigger
vulgar	hahahah for reals he was like this bitch crazy lol
clean	is 72% out of wedlock births a lie? latinos in 2nd place.# mostly driven up by illegal aliens w/ anchor babies
vulgar	You DID. You crushed his I got me an EXOTIC bitch! dreams.
vulgar	ignore sorry I called you a bitch uncalled for
vulgar	gotta turn the hoe into housewife
vulgar	Besides, ur imposter idol looks nothing like The Word of God described the Saviour of Israel in Revelations. envious bitch!
clean	that was my mock done on a simulator check it out pick your team how many rounds and go for it
clean	She colored not Lebanese
vulgar	if the bitch don't like it she can't be my bitch
vulgar	facts ... IDC Iont have no bitches so I'm good lol
clean	Are you sure about that, slant? They're plagiarists, and you have no idea who I am.
clean	...honestly. That's where I'm the most retarded and is why stuck as artist hoping for a fair dealer/manager situation....
vulgar	what u doing bitch boy
vulgar	I texted u fag
vulgar	that's my lil Nigga in the middle . I was locked Wid bitch
vulgar	this was my nigga in that bitch man!
vulgar	they made up endearing names for us like nigger spook monkey
vulgar	ooo Logan pulling bitches
vulgar	you bad little bitch
clean	mhmm tweet bird
vulgar	LMAO. Let's hangout this weekend hoe
vulgar	No I'm pimping out you and those guys at the park playing bitch volleyball. #HairyChestsDoee
vulgar	Will NEVER happen faggot. Got complemented on it today at golf by several times. ;)
vulgar	hii fag. :)
vulgar	where have you been hoe
vulgar	careful, they might try to queer ya!
vulgar	oh I see. Part of a giant govt take over eh. Stockboy you are a joke of a representative. #dumb teabagger
vulgar	bullshit..i guess the poor have all the money..tax money movers at same rate as working people..you teabaggers are traitors
vulgar	didnt you propose the brilliant idea of college students packing heat? You are a savant! #dumbass teabaggers
vulgar	hey turd cutter...stop tweeting juvenile shit and DO YOUR JOB....#idiot teabagger
vulgar	stockboy U should talk. U tweet lies and childish shit about Obama.youre very unqualified. You only appeal to dumb rednecks
vulgar	you teabagger dunces want to eliminate education all together so you can groom more teabag voters. Lol.#thedumbestteabagger
vulgar	...you are a lazy redneck. Get back to work governing. Stay off twitter with your lying bullshit....#stockmantheliar
vulgar	..how much knob do you gobble in one day? Youre in over your head. What a blockhead you are.
clean	..its all about you and white conservative teabaggers. You all make the world go round. Please be our rulers.....stockboy
clean	...anti American Republicans and teabaggers stop forcing ur religion on the rest of us. Stockman u dont pray.liar
vulgar	ted cruz..leader..lol lol lol lol lol OMG lol lol lol lol lol you are a funny ass redneck...lol lol lol lol #lol
vulgar	Friggin Red State pussy Republican. The parent too!
vulgar	Golly Wompers and Dad Gum Son You lyin cheatin scoundrels fucking did it! Man up and own it ya chicken shit pussy Republican
clean	Stockboy...everyone mocks you.
vulgar	bush took 3 times as many vacations.. republican teabaggers are pusses....wah
clean	pay your taxes teabaggers
clean	you havent evolved as a human being. Typical meathead redneck. I pity you. You dont know what freedom is about......
clean	Wise decision,this Alfie must be a right mong.
vulgar	tf? get me on that bitch stat
vulgar	my boots get me bitches so
vulgar	what a retard
vulgar	all he ever does is fav, fuckin cunt
vulgar	people bitch because they lose an hour of sleep today but it evens out and we get more daylight
clean	Looks like a less-squinty-eyed to me. Hmm...
clean	Your mother looks like a tough-as-nails bird...I see where you got 1/2 of that from. Nice food, too!
vulgar	Report me for what bitch? You need to read the Twitter rules and guidelines. This ain't Facebook cunt.
vulgar	Eat my pussy!
clean	their tortillas are trash though.
vulgar	yes hoe. You ALWAYS had the camera!
vulgar	bitch you look like a shamu go back to seaword
clean	I eat dat chicken out your love box baby. Lovin a white woman while eatin chicken. A colored mans dream
vulgar	dem hoes twatchin right nie dey need uh answer
vulgar	room temp cus i have sensitive bitch teeth. ( ._.)
clean	youtube bear vs monkey bike race!
vulgar	bitch trying to turn this shit like Facebook
clean	abouta get him some crayons and animal crackers after 8:30pm
vulgar	I'm highly upset dat des bitches tryanna clown me on a media sight bitch I ain't going
vulgar	I'm going to show these bitches how it's done.
clean	they're so goooood. I just want like a savoury salty cheesy cracker
vulgar	Johans a free agent harveys hurt you retard. and its valverde* #ignorance
vulgar	yea I listen to that hoe when I wake up
vulgar	come see me. anyone named swagner is obviously a pussy
vulgar	thanks ya fucking hoser
clean	Happy Happy Helloween, Helloween whoa oh whoa ho
clean	where are the birds at? Wasn't it Port where birds were all over?
vulgar	No bitch Linda over KOD
vulgar	say that hoe has sparked a many a blunt since you left it
vulgar	girl that's all these hos need they don't care
vulgar	that's what I thought pussy
clean	#yellow
vulgar	no ur the blind bitch. Dude in the video is way skinnier.
clean	I'm not a liberal I support changing the name. It transcends standard political grandstanding.
clean	then send this one to your teabagger friends and watch their heads explode
vulgar	bitch answer my calls
vulgar	bitch smd
clean	those crackers will leave you parched asf
clean	mickey mouse ears hat....and tail for that matter.
clean	feel same way about New England Patriots New York Yankees. But unlike u, I've worked in Boston NYC. Texas prison is upgrade
clean	..............
clean	so trash
clean	well since you is blood you get a G pass but only this time and I won't tell wop about that lyric situation
vulgar	that bitch bouta be ZOOTED
vulgar	im coolin you know me same ole shit different day my nig
vulgar	lmao pussy
vulgar	let's go right now bitch and i knocked you last time let's fight right now
clean	morphing into Charlie Weis will never cease to be disturbing.
vulgar	he killed that hoe though
vulgar	lmaoooo I know Taylor in Brazil eating that overseas pussy
vulgar	lmaooooo bro you still got that shit you are a hoe we boxing when you come back nigga
vulgar	you a hoe for that I'm rolling
vulgar	you got some more hoe
vulgar	not only that.. after he pushed him he stepped back lolol. That was some pussy shit
vulgar	So was I cunt, welcome to twitter
vulgar	you gay, Gabrielle bad as fuck. Even though the other bitch bad you can't cheat on a dime..foh lol
vulgar	that's not how you resist, you worthless retard. Do you need a dictionary?
vulgar	But a wannabe ghetto white girl will deal with an unaccomplished black man for more than sex.
vulgar	I know that bitch don't going nomo
vulgar	The truth hurts nigguh.
clean	If you decide to do Damara, you should make her a gladiola. We have gorgeous rust-colored ones coming up over here.
vulgar	IDC. I can still get it. That's my pussy
vulgar	lol imma look at a bitch ass if I wanna!!!
vulgar	Ain't say it's wrong but it's just as stupid as hoes showing up to get attention from dudes.No one is bigger than the game.
vulgar	she like imma stop talking to you because you vibing in them headphones.Talk to me and come get this pussy in other words
clean	cuz the whole team trash
vulgar	truuuu bitches don't have ANY respect for themselves so I'm with you on the shit talkin lol
vulgar	you have your nips pierced too ?!
vulgar	fuck em right in the pussy
vulgar	he's trash
vulgar	dumb nigger
clean	yellow in paris! Fantastic effort from #AllezWiggo and #VroomFroome..now just the last stage up for grabs #GoCav #TDF12
vulgar	hoes will be hoes nothing but something guys just dispose #TruthBeTold
clean	why did they add your name all ghetto like that? Looks like they used label maker, lol!
vulgar	Why werent you so gung ho when you got drafted instead of shitting yourself? You seem like another Repcon Chicken hawk..
vulgar	and im beautiful bitch
vulgar	hoes* are more fun
vulgar	i aint shit, you aint shit...bitch we meant for eachother
vulgar	nah bitch you like Pookie from new jack city
vulgar	shut up bitch
vulgar	shit trash
vulgar	why lil ricky stole MJ Chain and tried to flex with the bitch in his avi
vulgar	Nope, definitely retarded.
clean	The Moors used to give kids free lunch in the Bronx when I was a kid. Glad to see they are still doing good.
vulgar	drinking a bitch beer outta a badass kuzie
vulgar	lol naw that bitch was just a sociopath
vulgar	You can bet Valerie Jarret has her hands all over this humanitarian Crisis. I Didn't vote for that commie bitch.
clean	got it! thanks Hun! ima text u
vulgar	we in dis hoe. Imma get her too lmfaoooo
vulgar	no one asked bitch
vulgar	Low blow, cuntface. How many times the Yanks beat us in the playoffs these last 8 or so years?
vulgar	bitch please. Not gonna happen. Nope.
vulgar	fuck them bitches I hope Navy beat em THIS week.
vulgar	fuck you bitches.
vulgar	thank you. I hate you. Eat poison. Fall down. Run face first into a wall. Yankees missed the playoffs.
vulgar	that just happened to be the year WE lost a one game playoff to them bitches from the bitch ass twin bitches. Lucky for you.
vulgar	he probably took off a point because Gibbs isn't from the East Coast and says hoes.
vulgar	in that I get more bitches than you? If so YOU RIGHT
vulgar	bitch ass nigga, heres a new belt for you
vulgar	nick background my nigger
vulgar	Okay and Melo bitch ?
vulgar	Straight pussy
vulgar	fuckin pussy haha
vulgar	you didn't even catch it pussy
clean	Gobble de gook
vulgar	I love you hoe!! Hahahhaa #UglyAss
clean	trash
vulgar	aahahah who the fuck watches that trash?
vulgar	thanks little bitch
vulgar	already know juss ordered some of this for the weekend for tha white hoes
vulgar	bitch ask a day off
vulgar	bitch those are the same options
vulgar	bring bitches
vulgar	lol youre retarded
vulgar	need to get outta that bitch, meridian all bad now but as long as you getting that paper you good.
vulgar	Im omy to the movie right now and I'm literally gonna slap a bitch if they scream or some shit.
clean	i don't think he can beat Mayweather but he's far from trash. Unlike Floyd he actually put Maidana down.
clean	My father was born in Nanticoke and attended Lehigh. I'm a CT Yankee, but love the Pennsylvania Dutch cooking :-)
vulgar	Call me bitch again and see if I don't slap the sexy out of your mom and have Justin Timberlake bring it back.
clean	WHOA sorry for the spell check error, its not ho it was hey so sorry
vulgar	we outchea bitch
vulgar	CSGO bitch.
vulgar	Hi :) Yeah, trolls are annoying but don't concern yourself with them. They're all twats have no life lol. Just ignore them. x
clean	Don't like to trash talking either way. But to be fair, that's just on Twitter. I'm having a ball on texts.
vulgar	well then with all further ado get da fock out ya lil bitch
vulgar	faggot scoon you wanna ball?
vulgar	stfu trash
vulgar	pull the trigger bitch
clean	I liked the day a bird got in your classroom.
clean	any more birds in school?
clean	You rebel. Next you'll be ripping mattress tags off. It's a slippery slope.
vulgar	cause it would their tip hand instead they whine like little bitches=
vulgar	nope! btw you's a hoe lol
clean	oh, well turns out that baby aint mine! *does jig*
vulgar	yesterday twitter was telling them same dudes that 30+ pussy was the best, so have faith!
vulgar	have you looked yourself? This is funny. This is like Obama saying he is good for the economy. Hipster faggot. Funny though
vulgar	He's a pussy
vulgar	all 3 :) haha. Because I'm #thinkingofyou and your #dirtylove sexxy bitch!!
vulgar	if you gotta shout u a bad bitch... u ain't a bad bitch
clean	boooooooo that was trash
clean	do yourself a favor and ball that up and throw in the trash.
vulgar	whatever lol my tan line is retarded. Lol was that other tweet a subtweet
vulgar	you real quiet son, made Charlie is shit and steelers too? Loser.
clean	I like where ur domes at #smart
clean	has to be #live version ! #pulledpork #clams #babyjesus #lilsmokey
vulgar	pitch, chip and slide ur dick in tight clam #22 love it #mywife
clean	the early bearded man gets the clam ? #herkfacts
vulgar	haha the little shit talkier brought his other bitch
vulgar	bitch go shoot some balls of paint. Ole hobby finding ass
vulgar	LOL, AutoCorrect is a bitch, but voice recognition is much faster than typing.
vulgar	can fucking a fat bitch be considered a threesome ?
vulgar	But if we loved again, I swear I'd love you right. Btw bitch you better not be googling these lyrics! Mine is from the 3
vulgar	This is true. That bitch has two accounts
vulgar	i also like flip a bitch, which is gabbys. #QualityWords
vulgar	i know, hoe.
vulgar	no he's an asshole is like I have neck problems can't sleep that way u lil bitch
vulgar	them bitches uggo as fuck too
vulgar	you a hoe ass savage, this shit brings up memories so cook on my g.
vulgar	Big birds, big peckers.... They always mad cause they only get laid once and that's by their mother.
clean	Maybe he can call Hootie back up, he don't answer me anymore but still have crows.
clean	Gotta get my superbowl shirt at the cleaners then we hitting the big bird.
vulgar	Now beaners drive em.
vulgar	They best not fuss about this basement, bitch is like a skating rink.
vulgar	All the thirsty hoes. Lol
vulgar	I'm the type to put that bitch in a river so you can gtf out my locations lol
vulgar	dude fucking mono sucks and my bed is trash
vulgar	thats nate dumbass we all just mock him
vulgar	Sauerkraut Saul is a punk ass bitch
vulgar	You do it to us so payback is a bitch. hahaha 3 happy valentines day though.
vulgar	good one you fucking bitch ass
vulgar	What are you gonna do? I'ma chase you out the club, like mobb deep did to you, pussy.
vulgar	that explains you cause all you do is bitch and whine.
vulgar	lmao, your just a dumb hoe that budden made popular, please stop, your irrelevant and no one cares about you slut.
vulgar	pot of gold ass nigguh
vulgar	you are not a cat.you are a pussy! black bored kid kills a cop by starting a fire.WHERE IS THE OUTRAGE YOU PHONY?!?!?!?
clean	word, bird
vulgar	I think you should reconsider he's a little bitch to the one true God almighty Cthulhu...please for your soul, Seany.
vulgar	quit being being a pussy yourself and call them out by first and last name plus SSN ya poon!
vulgar	subtweeting and using hashtag oomf what's the difference :P jk just jerkin yo dick ya nigger faggot.
clean	would help for some others can't handle uppers and cripples them plus if moderation isn't taken into consideration it'll be bad
clean	Them hoes are clean!
vulgar	or a celebrity. Poor bitches
clean	gator bait
clean	Ha. He ain't welcome in Washington State or Nashville. Serpas is straight trash.
vulgar	My problem is that I love bad bitches.
vulgar	and you're a vegetarian pussy
vulgar	He a bitch you should do it
vulgar	bitch, yo muthafukin ass reacting off that vain females tweet dont no the context, her dumb ass dont neither
vulgar	and stop covering yo goddamn face like the kkk. Yo yung silly ass co signing for pussy.
vulgar	no shit you are, what euros would call a typical American, fat as fuck and goes to eat fast food all the time, dumb bitch.
vulgar	pussy
vulgar	fuck up pussy
vulgar	I'd rather ask yours, is she a nappy headed hoe too? And is your grandma as well? I'd be ashamed to be in your family.
vulgar	Nappy headed hoes can't call anyone ugly, stop embarrassing yourself pls
vulgar	so fucking annoying when a hoe is like omg relationship goals like close your legs, get dressed and do something about it.
clean	Yankees like Florida State; not Floridians.
vulgar	Yass bitch Yass
vulgar	my momma saw how the girls danced and was like grandma was like shake that ass hoe
vulgar	oh u can dog her out but don't show that hoe no love if u doing it with ya ol lady
vulgar	so some of Yal bitches need to stock up on jello to fix Yal broke up ass personalities
clean	rip plate, brownies, large tea, fries, beans potato salad, poboy
vulgar	it does. you and all your hipster friends are ugly as fuck... and yo pussies all stank
clean	Straight off the bench #ned #WorldCup2014
vulgar	rather be an ultra fag than get an 18 on my ACT and go to FGCU #zing
vulgar	little punk, we should send his ass to Iraq for a few weeks! Little bitch would come home KISS THE GROUND!
vulgar	taylor wack ass bitch nigga
vulgar	vegeta is a little bitch #TeamGoku
vulgar	you is a hoe
clean	how are Yankees games on the radio? Good announcers?
clean	how do Yankees fans look back on Gary Sheffield's time with the team?
clean	some Mets fan tried telling me Rivera isn't of the best Yankees of all time because he is just a closer. WTF
vulgar	I glads dis colored man cans be of soyvice fo da white man
clean	I'm not yellow I'm sorry
clean	yay im a whitey :3
clean	NFL... Forgetabout they got until February. It's the pennant race. Let's Go Yanks.
vulgar	He's been drinking too much of that shitty Canadian hoser beer! #eh
vulgar	A+ Would expect nothing less from your dominion. Oh by the way, SEC bitches!
vulgar	Wilde nog even checken op Twitter hoe het ging maar had zo'n heftige wond niet verwacht, heftig. Sterkte beterschap hoor!
clean	ill scream from France for you Tom! #IU #iubb #hoosiers #creanandcrimson
vulgar	what now bitch
clean	9 of 15 BCS titles, $314 mil in revenue. It's great being in a redneck conference. And not in Ohio.
vulgar	Come over queer
vulgar	hey fag, gag on my clappmeat
vulgar	tounge punching smelly turtle pussy
vulgar	bitch lol
vulgar	fuck i look like shopping at that trash ass store
vulgar	pussy pussy pussy marijauna wannnnaaa
vulgar	lol I feel like a punk bitch sittin in here with all the lights on!
clean	republican teabaggers should be jailed for treason.....
vulgar	faggot is a public spectacle. most gays are not fags. public display gets public opinion.
vulgar	bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks #thuglife
vulgar	yeah the internet def taught me a bitch can't twerk if she talkin bout voting.
clean	I didn't make to any games last season. Just looked it up. Astros open up with the Yankees 1st of April
clean	once fag. You got pressed to the ground? ..hang up your cleats n never put them back on or think about it
vulgar	you unfollowed me because you think you're the shit and use follow trains to gain and then just unfollow cause you're a pussy
vulgar	this bitch has brain damage
vulgar	bitch
vulgar	bitch I'll fuck you up
vulgar	lmao take off thru, quavo can't do shit but make hooks, offset da only 1 solid but I kno niccas been tellin him dat
vulgar	that hoe is like 58.
vulgar	bitch you can tweet but not answer?
vulgar	ayyyyyyeeeeee my nigga back in the bitch
vulgar	mite hit the Rec I know cell Marcus and Jax gone try to hit that hoe
vulgar	couldn't help it man. niggas pussy for robbing a chick and shootin her.
vulgar	the way he raps about fucking my bitch banters about having more money than me is so entertaining it's crazy
vulgar	I swear des hoes just making up challenges now
vulgar	I tried one of them pom pomegranate juices n I swear it tasted like flavored piss.........dont ask lol
vulgar	shut yo hoe ass up
vulgar	lol 100, it had to be one of my old bitches
vulgar	they not gonn comment cause they in the closet hoes lol! #Team #Getchoassoutdatcloset lol
vulgar	aight bet we in that bitch too
vulgar	nothing says fashion like a cunt hat....
vulgar	it is bitch
vulgar	looks like you're gonna blow someone fag
vulgar	thisty hoe
vulgar	Yup! And now we pickin you white bitches bare like a chicken leg
vulgar	that was no accident lmfao these hoes trynna be lowkey slick...
vulgar	thus you have the term redneck also.... The Creator is not mocked. Good for you...Excellent Precept Daughter!
vulgar	I told u ugly niggas get bitches young I promise u!! Work ya magic lol
clean	good job tonight! You need to eat some crackers so,you'll stop throwing up !
vulgar	And youre a fucking loudmouth ignorant redneck fuck. You still tryin to suck your own dick? You cant you dumbfuck...its too short.
vulgar	I got a bitch named banana pussy bananas swear I gotta say it again pussy bananas my lil cool azz bitch she from da westside
vulgar	fuck you pussy -.- i made a mistake and started cj spiller over chris ivory this week -.- fuck
vulgar	Tylar shut up bitch . I usta make you these
vulgar	bet hoe
vulgar	ion sneak diss on broke bitches
vulgar	you ah lien ass hoe
clean	hey I'll leave Abbey too! Oh if I get a job on the slope I might move back! Cause id lose out on lots of money buying tickets
vulgar	all strippers and sexy hoes follow my mans!!
vulgar	it's at your house bitch
vulgar	eat yo pickles bitches!
clean	Nope. Super chocolatey yummy brownies.
vulgar	what's a puto isn't that bitch in Spanish.
vulgar	mutha fuckahs better bring me all the brownies ever!
vulgar	don't ignore me faggots! ;c
clean	Don't you have a trash can?
vulgar	Shame that your mama didn't teach you not to call women bitch. Well, we all ain't that fortunate, I guess.
vulgar	shut up faggot, you and Ras need to make an album together, we'll Ras fell off, you didn't (cont)
vulgar	man some of these bitches are in denial about it.
vulgar	what pissed me off is as males WE JUDGE females pussy. How you gone judge your own get mad and deny its loose because YOU have a gap?
clean	These Marxist kikes promoted Anti-Semitism by creating this film, what was their incentive? They just promote their enemies.
vulgar	young based god in Olympics stay fuckin bitches
vulgar	Your update for my s3 pretty much broke 4G and made it absolutely annoying and retarded.
vulgar	ie don't make a hoe a housewife
vulgar	bitch whatever nigga u were to scared to play
vulgar	You just can't give hillbillies an audience. They'll squander it every time.
vulgar	lol bitch yo display name
vulgar	smh what's wrong wit u ho
clean	yea.. you don't live down here I guess. We still got roofs that aren't fixed from Charlie and Jeanne.
vulgar	No I don't fuck with those hoes ask Paco he does
vulgar	they didn't want to fuck Steve that bitch lmao
vulgar	Lightweight, heavyweight don't matter. Still knock bitches out
clean	haha..monkey feet,i like it..but 4 real,feet are magical on a back..it smoothes every nook and cranny of tightness ;}
vulgar	Vince, what is the general feeling of the natives that you know in regards to the term redskins? Offensive to them or not?
vulgar	the cunt needs her hands cut off!!!!!
vulgar	dont raise ur hand to me niggah
vulgar	my niggah my niggah lol
vulgar	no problem my niggah
vulgar	was good my niggah lol
vulgar	wassup niggah
clean	Now nowthat bird is one of God's creatures :-)
vulgar	call out bitch
vulgar	eat shit. Who are you working for?! You nappy bitch.
clean	We might have more. Can't really be sure. But some weird little bird said that might be a possibility. Stay tuned. Maybe.
clean	birds of a feather. You stand with PETA. I stand with sanity.
clean	Everything Jay-Z writes is trash.
vulgar	Normally I would say she must have a great pussy but since I've seen it, that's not true so idk what it is.
vulgar	Destiny will make Titanfall it's bitch
vulgar	id chink you if you left me with blue balls
clean	This cold we have going around our little hick town had about everyone I know locked in their houses for better than a week. Stay well
clean	Read w/o slant your orig statement said everything we have...that is the only extreme comment made
vulgar	your not so godly after all u fuckin redneck peckerwood.
vulgar	yaaaasssss it is. You are buhlowin up my timeline, negro.
clean	you inferred he tried to ho to Nam. He did not. He dodged it. He is no great leader.
vulgar	At the peak of the war W joins the Texas natl guard to get outta Nam. Facts are a bitch.
vulgar	lol bitch nigga ima get my gay homies on you
vulgar	bitch
vulgar	thats trash, its ot?
clean	btw Jim crow laws were supported by democrats not republicans and MLK was a republican #Fact
clean	yes das def da problem.if his.teacher was a spear chucker he woulda gt both dose rite
vulgar	a judge that was appointed by obama who here doesnt see the agenda fucking crooked bitch
vulgar	hey Windy! Does your dildo take out the trash for you? Buzzzzz
vulgar	msnbc the same MSM who said blocking flights from africa is racist yea right No ID no vote bitch gold digger
clean	your 30 second add just ruined it. A new low picking on a cripple
vulgar	says the pedophile promoting dolt. LMAO #teabagger
vulgar	faggot
vulgar	what'd the note say? Stop being a bitch, here's some flowers. 3 gets em everytime
vulgar	money cars and clothes. And the hoes. Lol. He just want be successful lol
vulgar	this some bullshit, bitch. Show Lana Kane.
vulgar	look at this shit imma bitch forreal
vulgar	just to remind yall, cuz hoes be acting like they don't know
vulgar	so much hoes?
vulgar	I was 100 steal that bitch
vulgar	Sum bitch that looks good! Where does a man such as myself pick up one of those?
vulgar	that nigga spun around in the pussy.
vulgar	my mentallity? Being a flaming fag is a serious mental issue
vulgar	fight me bitch.
clean	i feel the warm fuzzies.
clean	according to you my place is in kitchen. Excuse me while I take out the trash
clean	by trash I meant u lmaooo
vulgar	real shit bro yo hoe told me if Smoothie King had straws i ca fuck
clean	yu forgot we beat yall? Thats like a garbage man calling a janitor trash
vulgar	bitch we coulda been at the stores looking
clean	tranny dragons, eh? I know some people that will love this!
vulgar	whatchu doin today nig?
vulgar	wud up nig I gotta new number 3136139299 text me
vulgar	You can tease this dick faggot
vulgar	Your bitch called, she was missing this dick
vulgar	lmaoo typical nig nog bombs, should've got pics
vulgar	bitch please
vulgar	Can we not use the word faggots?
vulgar	bitch you got me fucked up
vulgar	bitch you always hatin lmao
vulgar	cuz i thought i got a wife, but i picked a hoe. IM LOVIN THESE SONGS MAN. Keep it coming
vulgar	stfu bitch
vulgar	could get half a band off me Fellas. @ your dope female followers and state how much youd pay for their pussy
vulgar	*thought retard
vulgar	hear that you dumb bitch he said no one likes you!!!!! #ohshitnigga
vulgar	bitch I want it all
vulgar	glad you could get your daily dose of giggles faggot
vulgar	hey faggot spell faggot right you dipshit
vulgar	yeah nigga I get bitches and Matt's fucking gay as shit
vulgar	I'm not fake bitch meet me after school then nigga
vulgar	cause ima blindside the shit outta you niggah!
vulgar	fuck you bitch smd
vulgar	haha bitch
vulgar	just smokin that Cali smoke and fuckin your bitch wbu
vulgar	shut up niglet
vulgar	sun follow me you 4 bitch you can't do shit so stfu faggot
vulgar	then learn to read bitch
vulgar	who do you think I am bitch
clean	about the beanies but steal my description but u aren't salty or fake
vulgar	Lol you probably right. Fuck you bitch !! *in spanish*
vulgar	I always want to speak to ppl I converse with on twitter but they always look at me like bitch, Idk you in REAL life.. smh
vulgar	she remembers the dick lol and wants it again. I recommend you shoot a bitch if she show up. She might snap
vulgar	BOOM bitches !
clean	I HATE birds! They just piss me off about the fact that I can't fly!
vulgar	I like tweeting you like this. .. wen yu aint talking to all yo hoes!!! I be like...... ill wait.
vulgar	I'm tired of dat bitch mannn
vulgar	all the great QB's fold under pressure gshit if u blitz Peyton ass he gon gook out
vulgar	it's always a white bitch doing something OP lol like they give zero fucks when it comes to dick
vulgar	that white bitch is a G for choppin that whole line of niggas
vulgar	ima miss smiley and graham and daniel tho, they were pretty cool to me when i was there, ima beat andrews bitch ass every day
vulgar	haha i was about to say... Damn i just called you a bad bitch, i mean mean bitch lmfao
vulgar	quit using song lyrics queer
vulgar	janemba is better than yo pussy ass
vulgar	bitch it's not til Thursday
clean	Daggone it Twins, kick it up a notch... Time to beat the Yankees...
clean	Only good thing about this season. #FireCashman .
clean	Scores don't matter in Spring Training man!
clean	and we all fell asleep
clean	go away already
clean	isn't that kind of saying the #Braves won't make it to the World Series? LOL
clean	probably time to put this twitter feed to bed #nyy
clean	team sucks
clean	ugh
vulgar	pussy watch it nuh mi Neva lov mon. -badmon
vulgar	way other hoes boo
clean	whatever Neymar trash
vulgar	mannn Mexicans in Houston LOVE their high school freshman hoes
clean	yeah people know he's not trash but his game is limited and it showed late in games against Portland
vulgar	way to take orders like a little bitch, bitch
clean	home coon
vulgar	bitches better watch out because we're running the tables tonight!
vulgar	hey send me your songs I need to put them hoes on a CD and bang em when I ride around
clean	I want my poms back lmfao
clean	I was born yellow
vulgar	I agree. You never know she may have been begging to get dropped, makes her pussy wet guaranteed. She married him right after !
clean	hahaha, made ya eat crow....
vulgar	I'm crazy, and Wayne can rap about pussy 3 songs in a row
vulgar	lol girrrrl these bitches crazzzzy
clean	got me feelin like #trappin ain't dead. Got me ready to call the #guala! #Salute da truth! #SeenItAll #SeenItAllTheAutobiography
vulgar	nahh bitch yu always playn yu almost got her feelings hurt
vulgar	the fuck das wat bitches wit uh fuckd up mouf do
vulgar	I wish you wood, like a tree in this bitch.
vulgar	I wish you wood, Like a tree in this bitch
vulgar	like a tree in this bitch? Asshat.
vulgar	+ That bitch already got past demons in her.Seeding her up just gone fuse more.
vulgar	nicca fucc yu
vulgar	lol send dat nicca clean out talmbout some n what if he really is
vulgar	I said pussy dat ass what be on yo tongue boy
vulgar	lol da only reason I can't talk bout da present is cuz my nicca hurt n ain't played all yr
clean	need to start mcbob because Williams only shoot let him play with bird
vulgar	everybody in Dot Mob/O-Red/Mickey Factz when you battled Clips he wore some ancient hong kong shit + 2 different colored hi-tops
vulgar	my lifestyles raw dog, one magnum will put a dickhead in the hole, and that was cumin out of the pussy lips
vulgar	hoe meter went off!
vulgar	bitch
vulgar	swear to god log on later. I'm posting the score on every social network you bitch ass nigga
vulgar	nah he pussy he won't
vulgar	sup fat bitch
vulgar	Someone told me cuz some ppl like to use it as bitch some females don't like being calles female but meh *shrugs*
vulgar	one sick bitch
clean	the little girl Tom Sawyer gets trapped in the cave along with Injun Joe and almost die. injun Joe dies and they find his treasure
vulgar	we take your bitch then recieve head from your mom
vulgar	fasho fasho .. Hurry ya ass up nicca
vulgar	wow. I love how you called yourself a slut, but no really. You wouldn't ever cheat on a girl, bitches are so dumb.
vulgar	thirsty hoes
vulgar	they got some cold white hoes in Knoxville tho don't they? right there on the strip? Boaaa
vulgar	I called people kikes and a lot of fucks
vulgar	thirsty hoe
vulgar	you pussy
vulgar	lol cracker
vulgar	no I like pussy why would I be ashamed of that
vulgar	Photoshop putting my head on fags is not proof.
vulgar	#yeet we gotta do at least 3 and drop them bitches in like 2 month intervals or some shit
vulgar	I'm jus Tryn figure out when all dem niccas was together like dat
vulgar	finger my throbbing pussy flaps
vulgar	bitch tryna get in for free promoting n shit lmaooo I see you in tha cut
vulgar	eat bitch
vulgar	meet up eat bitch
vulgar	meet up so I can Molly whoop yo bitch ass
vulgar	naw nigga what's up with em hands, what happened to the shit you was talking a couple a month's ago, eat bitch
vulgar	Katy and clear lake hoes
vulgar	How is he supposed to attract bitches in a tutu though?
vulgar	You will and he's gonna get all dem bitches
vulgar	Classic drunk Carter texts never fail. Hey stfu I'm coming over. Oops, I'm here come the fuck outside bitch
vulgar	how about you @ me bitch
vulgar	lol bitch I'm indian!!!!!! You op
vulgar	well at least If you're going to do somthing you do it.. And don't bitch out.. Even when it's the wrong thing
vulgar	cool cool fuck wit u too nicca
vulgar	thirsty ass hoe go to sleep
clean	bro u trash at that zombies
vulgar	what happened to going fishing bitch?
vulgar	If it continues.. I turn pussy lol
vulgar	no hoe
vulgar	point A ppint an bitch
vulgar	bitch I died when I read that.
vulgar	bitch Wea you going.
vulgar	lmfao bitch was I talking to you
vulgar	yess bitch. Messyyy
vulgar	bitch... So they can't hold a real nigga down fa long.. bruh ask mama to pay this ticket fa me!!!!!
vulgar	you so fucking nasty. You got held to the wrong pussy. I'm telling , you bet not ever kiss me again!! I'm breaking up w| u!
clean	skate 2 trash :(:( skate 3 had goat DLC
vulgar	ahh I'm too much of a bitch to live off campus. I get lazy and wouldn't want to drive home :)
vulgar	- lol it's possible that a hoe can treat you the right way but will she love you the right way? No. A hoe will be a hoe.
vulgar	- lol just think about it, there is a right way a wrong way to love someone. a hoe may just love you for what you got.
vulgar	y'all's are all little punk ass bitches doe
vulgar	TF do I look like, delivery bitch or what ahaha
vulgar	he should! I got tired of hearing how he can eat pussy 10,000 ways like damn
clean	I've tried. I always hit ALT+F4 and eat Mega Stuffed Oreos because I can't figure out those programs. lol
vulgar	orr why? Thts my lor bae tho wyd why u fucking up hoe?
vulgar	look at what you just said lls new era Girl bye kill bitches w Kindness wht cousin?
vulgar	not what I said . I want a DJ to mix the track regardless for their own use ! The video gon be dumb retarded with the reg versi
vulgar	aint nobody got no time fo dat (ghetto black lady voice)
vulgar	thats why we had 8 regular season losses...... #you #are #retarded
vulgar	Fuck all you hoes. lol
vulgar	its swag bitch aha
vulgar	not even sure bro, Im ignoring these hurt bitches tonight...lol
vulgar	it's a song, ion kno y he referred to his future wife as a bitch
vulgar	bitches love some Alex from target
clean	somebody looks like the die on the first tubes on flappy bird lol!
vulgar	back off ya queer bag
vulgar	I gotta find them I know Cali got them hoes
vulgar	lmaooo boy thought he wS all type of right spelling that hoe
vulgar	the bird gone run from your ass
clean	Tracy Morgan is a sad comparison..... Come on try again, Dwight Howard is the most accurate. Stupid monkey.
vulgar	niggah I'm not yo lil bro the fuck
vulgar	what niggah
vulgar	I'm colored. Ain't supposed to be no good influence
vulgar	Me bitch!
vulgar	theeepp that's my bitch
clean	derrrrrrr, 1st of all her songs are actually good compared to the other trash, +++ shes SUCH a showman omg
vulgar	that hoe over that
vulgar	stfu with that what I'm gonna do and just fuck oh pussy ads nigga
vulgar	Am the bitch but u the one steady talking stfu and be bout shit hoe ass nigga
vulgar	I said I was from where stop putting words in my mouth, that's something a bitch would do
vulgar	I don't got any beef with you but tell yo boy Alex to stop acting like bitch and bring his duck ass up here.
vulgar	Who? Ok, right-wing teabaggers, gun nuts (like Harris), hell, even fucking cops.
vulgar	nigger
vulgar	miss you bitch
vulgar	Jenny says you're an evil bitch.
vulgar	I kinda figured a lil bit when u said bitch u cute
vulgar	dying? oh bitch. exit my mentions. her last era was huge. #1 album. #1 tour. golden globe (cont)
vulgar	bitch all these thick bitches with they ass out on TV , do what you want
vulgar	he needs to date a grandma , I'm too turnt up for his lil pussy ass, bro and I called him lil baby names like lame dork
vulgar	is the realest bitch out here rt
vulgar	don't send me those boxes we droided up on da mile my nigga. Got da dro droid na drum fo a pussy boy yeer me?
vulgar	get the loredo steak. Out dat bitch if u ballin
vulgar	nigga stop hatin bitches be feelin coolio b. N two if u think dem bitch made niggas got yo back u smokin big worm shit
vulgar	pussy
vulgar	Hoe yu erbody bitch
vulgar	go to sleep niggah lol
vulgar	Lol chill pussy
vulgar	Long story lol but I've missed you faggot
vulgar	; LMAO! . hoes extra sensitive via text.. They swear they hear your tone in every letter. I start using PUNCTUATION'S .
clean	saves you a brownie*
vulgar	don't tell the dumb hoes that
vulgar	I am absolutely speechless.That bitch is CRAZY.
vulgar	I'm lmao fa real cuz I really saw her throw dat bitch in a circle lol
vulgar	bitch I'm Gretchen Weiners I do what I want
vulgar	wyd fag
vulgar	bitch
vulgar	nigger hello?
vulgar	I can smell your fried chicken ass a mile away boi and clean your nasty ass ears ratchet bitch
vulgar	yuhh I'm finna hit that hoe!
vulgar	how many times did you listen to that pussy song today?
vulgar	some hoe shit
vulgar	you must have sent a bird call because I didn't get shit
vulgar	really thou im looking like Hulk Hogan in this bitch
vulgar	but then they said oh nah ur not but dude I'm getting to be a heartless bitch have you not met me
vulgar	bitch u know what I mean spell champ these nuts
vulgar	your daughter can date this little fag bag
vulgar	that hoe can't cook
vulgar	bitch stop hating on such an immaculate suit.
vulgar	my birthday hath already passed with little to no fanfare. So. Enjoy your day and be blessed bitch.
vulgar	you a real bitch for that
vulgar	you better. And ima let that bitch slide right now, just be on standby.
vulgar	pussy
vulgar	take like TAMU... bitches jumped to 6 after beating SC, which ain't that good...
vulgar	lol my bro said it about a bitch but it can be about u
vulgar	i need 2 of the bitches
vulgar	Ik you were pussy
vulgar	okaaaaay bitch never do we care , edges still laid.
vulgar	im askin you negro lol
vulgar	no i don't cry im not a bitch(: i was just pissed because the cop was trying to charge me with a hole bunch of bullshit :p
vulgar	pussy
vulgar	LMFAOOOO yooo I lost my elevator pass now I can't even share it ...bitch wants me to go get another one even tho she knows me
vulgar	SAME like bitch it's the struggles to use the stairs let ppl get on
vulgar	ask your boy Jason keiffer is he still tryna to get his one on one and y he block me #pussy boy
vulgar	sorry i eat pussy
vulgar	fuck bitches get money
clean	i know so. What Samklef said wasn't a lie man. This guy think is a beast in Naija Pop. His music is trash not the wizkid of before
vulgar	jk i would be a bitch if i got them done !
vulgar	only when ur around me gotta keep dat scent to keep filthy niggers away
vulgar	or you know, you could just go drink bleach bitch
vulgar	haha my nigga coco :,) I can't wait to fuckkk like a hunna hoes this summer haha jk
vulgar	rt me to wey I went to the job interview high then a bitch!! Straight stanking like dank haha eyes red then a hoe
vulgar	; bitch dont talk at me like that bro.
clean	Boys still got birds in the cage? Lol
vulgar	send that hoe
vulgar	he been taking them hoe lol
vulgar	lol whatever. We're fags.
vulgar	he ate my pussy i could..
vulgar	I just saw a bad bitch on here from mf Switzerland and feel in love
vulgar	hoe *
vulgar	I meant bitch I am scum
vulgar	do you, bitch boy?
vulgar	no bitch w my dick
vulgar	@ that bitch
vulgar	nice hoodie faggot
vulgar	he liked that hoe
vulgar	what that hoe was like
vulgar	don't be a bitch. Get two.
vulgar	haha yolo, did ya hit that hoe?
vulgar	man bring yo bitch ass here ion give a dam bout yo mf attitude
vulgar	u better sit yo ass in that bitch til 330
clean	yellow rice black beans and pork chop sis
clean	not scanger
vulgar	After you spread that filth of urs to that white dog, he the good ol boys were ltao on fuckin a monkey
vulgar	u 2 lost puppies dont know shit. Leave them niggers alone u can learn something besides how they like
vulgar	let one of them dingy real nigger dogs catch it. Miss Torah dont want that thot shit
vulgar	bitch get that job first.
vulgar	bitch just be looking for my shit.
vulgar	bitch.
vulgar	boy I was clean in them bitches.
vulgar	only if it's funny tweets about ashy niggers
vulgar	bitch... Im mad at you for slapping me
vulgar	bitches will great valuable pussy always make you use protection. Too many nasty dick niggas out here
vulgar	some niggas didnt desrve to have that bitch in the first place
vulgar	yes. LOVE to make em masturbate to my voice, bitches love Southern accents
vulgar	life aint shit but bitches and money, i passed that weed like i studied
vulgar	it's trash ik just wanted to fuck with Dorsey
vulgar	s pussy.
vulgar	lets fuck hawt bitches at Foam and Glow?
vulgar	I am hurt im.not in it wtf, fuck Danielle that bitch
vulgar	bitch get punched tf out lol
vulgar	bitch u got me fuckked up
vulgar	bitch take dat shit down imediatly
vulgar	bitch u forcin it talkin about my family and shit watch out
vulgar	bitch u got me fuckked up go suck lil action whamm like u always do on thursdays and fridays didn't think ik did u
vulgar	correction bitch yo illiterate ass wanna eat my pussy and I got some center street boys dat u can suck up nun major
vulgar	naw fuck u bitch and go suck up cartier
vulgar	ok bitch damn I will I'm not even tierd my phone just dying
vulgar	haha that hoe go hard rt
vulgar	the bitch in the purple shorts and Aqua beats
vulgar	happy birthday bad bitch
vulgar	I knowww righttt. I don't even know how to use this shit. How I update my status on this hoe?
vulgar	im 60 n I hate elissa, a fake ass cunt
vulgar	no that's fucking retarded are you drinking tonight or not?
vulgar	I just whooped your ass why you turnin pussy
vulgar	haha you were that bitch on our team
vulgar	fuck a raptor. Have fun with that when the tranny fails on you after 70k miles
clean	comes from a guy whose sole qualification to be CM is being the lucky sperm :-)
vulgar	unless bitch is a word for awesome they are wrong
vulgar	I'm actually with my boys right now. Your dorky ass is with your mom dad watching Streit make you his bitch
clean	Houston was top five in AHL attendance while Aeros were here. The transplanted snow bird would love a team.
vulgar	man fuck this bitch
vulgar	right okay bitch
vulgar	is little bitch an emotion? Cuz I'm feeling it..
vulgar	- we do not want you here either! Suck my pigs arse you muzzie biotch! Get the phuck out and go back to your hellhole life!
vulgar	I was like This bitch better chill- Oh hey Maria
vulgar	Shit I wish it was socially acceptable for me to beat some of these bitches asses. Lmao
vulgar	in ALASKA!! Nothing going on, nothing to do, nothing to bitch about, few laws
clean	Obispo ho. We'll do it big
vulgar	you already know mane since 6th grade I've been killin hoes
vulgar	never happen. Too much republican redneck oil money. Sad butt true. #corruptAmerica
vulgar	nope, it's a term used to mock teabagger scum like all three of you. Better luck next time, pal.
clean	in with the go to air out with the bad air and where's my next brownie
vulgar	bitch probably deserved it lol
vulgar	fellow anarchists quit being vaginas :P like jr high up in this bitch
vulgar	small man syndrome usually deep down they're huge pussies so they join the authority to compensate their weak ego
vulgar	pussy
vulgar	why are you laughing . That's you hoe
clean	check cashing on the corner of El Cajon and calwood it's across the steer for pollo loco
vulgar	wat a faggot
vulgar	more than you run pussy
vulgar	Thought to myself SHEEBA-SHEEBA, got my ass lookin like a zebra!
vulgar	ya damn right nigglet! :D
vulgar	stfu youre a pussy sit your ass down with all that noise
vulgar	death to attention hoes
clean	ill give you a tip, beware of the ugly birds who hide behind massive lensed sunnies!
vulgar	wow your like 3 years late bitch
vulgar	pussy
vulgar	yo fag Rojas
vulgar	sitting here talking about what u would do or gonna do that's something My bitch does
vulgar	bitch what?
vulgar	idk ? I went to to the school like a week ago and the bitch gave me a paper and shit telling me my classes paid for and
vulgar	thats wassup how u got bitches sending you booty pics tho lol
vulgar	Make yo bitch open her legs.
vulgar	tweet but don't text back ok fag
clean	how? All of the QBs we had before this season were trash. They brought in a veteran so they could have someone to play
vulgar	literally retarded. You were dropped on your head.
vulgar	I was a fag back then
clean	Probably, yeah. By most accounts, he has the personality to handle it though. And he can wear a yellow suit if he puts up points.
vulgar	hung with all dudes and wasn't fuckin no bitches, so.
vulgar	fuck all cops. and fuck you too tarah. bitch your elongated nose is shaped like a horses dick.
vulgar	cry about it. You still can't even talk to me even though I'm supposedly the shady bitch that won't confront you lol
vulgar	trueee, but I can't wait til the day a bitch try me!!!!
vulgar	And because it sounds like there is NO prenup, he's gonna cash in, not her. He apparently has ghetto credit. magine that?!
vulgar	Christian keep laughing and me and him will fuck u up instead pussy bitch
vulgar	he was 17 not 16 he tried to beat up a much weaker creepy ass cracker that is why he is dead. If Zimmerman was a woman...
vulgar	funny to read retard liberal tweets. But Anand u didn't delete salwar tweet. Anyway say hi to #DigVijaySingh
clean	i'm so sick of self serving politicians standing by while BO trashes America. #WeAreRepublicNotRegime #ImpeachObama
vulgar	Yes, sorry grant, i'm a bitch so i'm going to ignore you like most libtards ignore the majority voice....
vulgar	I'm still gonna smack the fuck out them. They trying to act hard over twitter. Haha pussy ass niggas
vulgar	only reason I wouldn't give it up is I ahve a fucking CATALOG on this bitch. Arcade games were fire.
vulgar	yall aint gon get a stitch of pussy....
vulgar	oh yea a-lo aka mr bitches lmao
vulgar	lol now all ya need is sum beacg bod abs pussy boy
vulgar	get off my twitter fag
vulgar	ugly white bitch
clean	I agree 100%. No naturalized citizenship, no anchor baby amnesty. All go to parents country of origin.
vulgar	gotta keep fighting bro Thea hoes just trying to bring me down. #thestrugle
vulgar	it's okay I'll get bitches on this dick anyway but thanks for the tip
vulgar	I don't give a flying fuck what you think about my tweets, worthless teabagger scum.
clean	its mutual my lil yellow bone
clean	thats why youz a yellow bone
vulgar	cuz you know i was playing witchu i aint call yo mama a bitch or say yo brother ugly af did i?
vulgar	smh iont understand it but fuck it more hoes for me
vulgar	fuck em if they can't take a joke! liberal pussies only think jokes about sarah palin daughters are funny.
vulgar	absolutely agree with that statement. It's just so amusing how angry it makes all these teabagger scumbags. That alone is worth it.
vulgar	no not tonight you're gonna hoe tomorrow
vulgar	bitches
clean	colored contacts
vulgar	lmaoooo I'm calling her a hoe and I'm mad? Shutcho uglass up
vulgar	sick bitch!!
clean	if im trash ur trash since we baes now
vulgar	alright bitch I hope someone deletes your life suck 30 dicks and get hit by 2 buses
clean	nah I replied to you like I did to literally everyone else who called it trash... Go and check if you don't believe me
vulgar	such a hoe
vulgar	yea spell check is a bitch... lets stay on topic
vulgar	LOL that hasn't worked well for black folks in the past. They better bring a few crackers with um.
clean	el negro?
vulgar	yeah way to block me fag your scared you go and hit girls how tough does that make you? Tough enough to know I'd beat...
vulgar	bitch that's wtf I just said and its not Christopher it's Chris mf
clean	are you a pig or are you a bird
vulgar	just beat the pussy up
vulgar	go to sleep bitch
vulgar	lmao you wish bitch
clean	just ate a wees brownie and is seeing random cats
vulgar	lmao they know who the kitty master is !!!! Don't hate bitch
clean	lets just say hellen keller makes better brownies
vulgar	salute a bad bitch
vulgar	wtf you bitches seen this without me
vulgar	cum thru bitch
vulgar	fuck off bitch
vulgar	fuck you bitch
vulgar	wanted me to let everyone know he downloaded the whole Acoustic Justin Bieber album #fag
vulgar	what's good pussy
vulgar	you lying bitch
vulgar	My niggah!!
vulgar	Ununnnn what plans? Text me niggah!!
vulgar	Yassss bitch!!
vulgar	spitted sprite on you? niggah with yo smart ass mouth you deserved it. well stfu! lol
vulgar	both you boys need some pussy, damn.
vulgar	Still blaming Bush? Fucking retard
vulgar	that's lil nig
vulgar	you're a lying sack of shit because I know you love me #lesbian #jk #jkbridgeturstraight #fag
vulgar	lol fag
clean	you're the sole reason I come to that chipotle incase you didn't know. Keep up the good work babe
clean	cowboy killers.
clean	trash
vulgar	nah it's just Clowney being a bitch nigga
vulgar	lol it's a crew, not actual hoes
vulgar	when you get famous I'm buyin yo art so me and my bitch can have dat shit all in da crib
vulgar	Kenna stfu? Quit bein a bitch I was tellin Robby to stop?! God.
vulgar	don't be a bitch then?
vulgar	how original you faggots
vulgar	bitch don't reply
vulgar	yes!!! Every guy is a bitch today...lol...smh
vulgar	is gonna find himself a redneck girl one of these days
vulgar	faggot
clean	Today was Talk Like A Pirate Day, and absolutely NOBODY knew Id been doing a Charlie Morton impersonation all day.
vulgar	just more #teabagger babel. these are the same fucks that masturbated to - they just HATE it when gays r successful.
vulgar	they always put gingers in red, yellow, or leopard print.
vulgar	omg ur finally losing ur patience. Cause ur a hoe! I love it. can't stop laughing.
clean	no steak here either. No hurry on brownies. Just that picture u posted made me all but drool on my phone. :)
vulgar	that's white woman pussy
vulgar	positive thoughts nig nog
vulgar	lmao dog just type them out and let them faggots try to decipher it.
clean	oh state, just enjoy your trailer trash and your sub par sports.
vulgar	please be a little depressed bitch the entire time
vulgar	them hoes look good
vulgar	I haven't seen that hoe
vulgar	yea TJ in this hoe dunking everything TK hitting shots and Juelz handling the bitch
vulgar	geminis rule hoe.
vulgar	ATF is in charge of prosecuting cases and the #teabagger Republicans won't confirm a director to lead the agency.
clean	Since will be a hoser... hi.
clean	Hope she's larger than a bird.
vulgar	bitch don't kill my vibe
vulgar	yeah cum itch my slit baby cakes
vulgar	HBIC....... Head bitch in charge. Lol
vulgar	you're a bitch Ihy
clean	cookies sound wonderful.
vulgar	This is why I follow and love you, Bill. I may bitch at you, but I'll never quit you.
clean	how long after the name change will al memorabilia w/redskins name be deemed racist and therby illegal?
clean	lol to get the yellow bleach stain out use a baking soda hydrogen peroxide paste on the stain and throw in the washer
vulgar	I'm coming for you bitch boy!!!
vulgar	in your dreams little leprechaun hemroid
clean	you mean trash.
vulgar	bitches naked**
clean	lmaooooo epic bird wins.
vulgar	Was about to fly to Portugal open a can of whoopass since they started to zoom out during Still run this bitch
vulgar	wow what a faggot
vulgar	nah bitch u addicted to spazzin fasho fuc molly tht shit happend 1 time and lean scarce so stfu hoe ass go spazz on sum thot
vulgar	since day 1 u remember tha bitches in alabama lmfaoo #BIG
vulgar	how u kno im talkin bout you bitch lmfao
vulgar	u smokin that 87 bitch
vulgar	yea cuh a bitch fuc donald sterling .. Cuhz pimpin tho
vulgar	DM me your number hoe
vulgar	it worked, bitch!!!
clean	this Charlie Z really does need mental help check this out
vulgar	Danny will be in deep deep water at 147 too many badass sons of bitches up there
vulgar	nobody is ever gonna take this ass clown serious again what a lil bitch
vulgar	don't say shit like that lil nig .. Or I'll give you a stamp
clean	the only boards I still have from them are just the tie dye ones, monkey edition, black and silver , and the newest ones
vulgar	Them aint the bitches im talkin bout aint no jungle fever over there LOL
vulgar	bitch nigga dont get all but hurt
vulgar	: Ayee Ayee it's my snow niqqa it's for my bitches to slide to my crib
vulgar	: I got them bitches snowboarding to me
vulgar	: ahah chill my bitch look better
vulgar	sorry dyslexia is a bitch
clean	oh... my phone is some trash! but you knew that!
vulgar	I you bitch
vulgar	god doesn't send retards to hell
vulgar	pussy
vulgar	you a drunk bitch
clean	took uber yesterday. Advertised as 20% NY taxis but was actually a yellow taxi at same price. #uber
vulgar	bout time bitch
vulgar	not that it matters but im proud of ur little ass! im n old southern bitch. hang n there baby!
clean	I'm a wexican
vulgar	don't blame me hoe.... I'm innocent
clean	a music suggestion is lil spook
vulgar	yo bitch stay lookin like a clown
vulgar	people gotta bitch about something.
vulgar	all of yall stfu, your all pussies and won't do shit
vulgar	thirsty hoes
vulgar	dyke ron
vulgar	the dude took off running like a bitch!
vulgar	..the nig..? ok, you're the big time shit talker on twitter no name, no face, no info
clean	I heard green tea makes you lose weight.... And Imma coon so that explains the watermelon
vulgar	just FaceTime Doms bitch ass
clean	bumcia is trash smfh I would've thought he would have gone after Khan but what you said makes sense
clean	I'm guessing so. The players are talking trash.
vulgar	fuck yes we are triple xp nigguh
vulgar	I'm not sure, I'm a broke nig
clean	We're laying rock around our lake. You're welcome to join a redneck workout. #muscles
vulgar	cause you're a damn border bunny, you forget already?
vulgar	might havti give you a visit. This cunt isn't going to have a family when im done.
vulgar	it ain't retarded. He's my cousin. Lmao.
vulgar	bitch shut the fuck and follow what u say nigga
vulgar	are u fucking still talking bitch I wanna see that I don't give a fuck about your ugly ass girlfriend son
vulgar	bitch and the fuck u wanna do about then nigga stfu talking and do something
clean	That's a cute and fuzzy one...hehehe ;)
clean	02 Charcoal 7s are pre-owned, no sole wear or scuffs Size 10.5, Cherry 12s DS size 11.5
clean	trash
vulgar	just texted yea queer bait
clean	those were bumblebees....
clean	not if you're standing in btw the yellow lines
vulgar	chill your dad gets more bitches at school than you do griff
vulgar	do it pussy
vulgar	I have small pussy size plugs
clean	What is that monkey doing to those poor bottles?
vulgar	cause everyone just loves yo bitch ass rite? Yea sure...
vulgar	Fuck the Yankees
vulgar	as u should that's jus a clutch ass spot bitch we in there for the turn up
vulgar	bitch yessssssss omg I jus saw one of em yesterday I'm in disbelief I rode by like oh that's court bro now I'm lost
vulgar	black girls are so funny, why can't you talk literate? It's pathetic, dick riding die hard fan rofl, you disgust me, retard.
vulgar	bye ugly hoe please do something about that nasty horse hair weave.
vulgar	real Serious in CT! Bunch of whiney cunts!
vulgar	And they bitch cause police showed in force.They were the only thing preventing them from getting turned in2 road kill #I70Shutdown
clean	Crystal probably only person in world interested in my poor black hillbilly:Jamaica::poor white hillbilly:WV idea
vulgar	sounds like you bout to smack a hoe
vulgar	nigga you proud of 80% I was in that bitch 99.99% the .01% is from me going to get the weed out the car
vulgar	#icanhashtaghoweveriwant #bitch
vulgar	I drive illegally retard
vulgar	I'm subtweeting my sister, hoe
vulgar	cuz ur a bird bitch
vulgar	fuck yo bitch ass then
vulgar	well you're a first class bitch. So go on with your bitch life, bitch
vulgar	ok!!!!! Stupid bitch
clean	racist Texas trash GWBush came to WH numb remember he and Republicans stole the election
clean	racist Tx trash there's no comparison betwn Pres Obama n GWBush rt poll will show He's supported 100%
clean	Charlie PLEASE STOP. from 1 ole fart 2 another...
clean	Charlie, im an old lady. don't EVER SAY UGLY THINGS ABOUT UR CHILDRENS MOM.. I GET IT!!!, JUS DONT! BIG HUG
clean	I'll chug my tall can . but homegirl won't approve lol
vulgar	hoe you are doing good too!
vulgar	bitch im waitin on my chicken nuggets
clean	lol trash I would of kept it if she was cute
vulgar	you tried to bit my bottom lip off like it was a snack bitch
vulgar	not as bad as a former PsyQo nigger THAT LIKES ANIME
vulgar	wigg I love you bitch
clean	Camels, ostriches and zebras! See you at the races! #VCCamelRaces
vulgar	pussy?
clean	i want it! I love her gooks! she is awesome where did you get it?
vulgar	If by amusing you mean Makes you cry like a bitch, then yeah, I'd agree.
vulgar	I agree the fat bitches the only girls left not gettin passed around
vulgar	they be tryna b on the low but one day these bitches gonna realize some niggas talk more then them l
vulgar	dude was a bitch nigga and took off running
clean	haha I'm shocked barca got more yellow cards this time
clean	he was walking 3 little birds pitch by his doorstep. Singing sweet songs of melodies pure true. Saying ...
vulgar	like Hov said we all ghetto b lol
vulgar	nigga doing the duggy on dem dead hoes lol
vulgar	get some orange hoe
clean	hmu negro
clean	cute, but I love her yellow raincoat the most, the contrast with thather hair looks so cute! :P I love her face in your icon!
vulgar	bruh u such a pussy just talk
clean	Ho ho ho.
vulgar	bitch
vulgar	ill slap a hoe
vulgar	them peeps who bitches
clean	let me guess they have yellow cake too? Same crap different president
vulgar	Why do you bitch about everything?
vulgar	@ me bitch. When and where?
vulgar	ur the tool for posting a vid of a dude pacing! Especially when u were too pussy to film his face!!!
vulgar	you are a bitch!!!!
vulgar	- see, that's why ya ass never need to go out. tryna go ape shit.
clean	yeah. great song. just watching the MSG concert of 1990 Yankee Stadium gig.
vulgar	why wld u wanna be a faggot, dude? That's faggot like
vulgar	i thought you had some fucked up birth defect that made your nips heart shaped lmao.
vulgar	it's not right but it's the rule. The nfl has a strike policy for drugs and josh Gordon is retarded
vulgar	bet... My trash ass self is just that petty
vulgar	bet.... Pay back is a bitch
vulgar	YASSS bitch YASSS! I wonder if penny passed
vulgar	I'm tired bitch
vulgar	that was for other bitches lol you cute tho wassup GIMMI YO NUMBA IMMA NATURAL TOO LMFAOO
clean	Hes behind the plate for the game tonight here in AZ. Im looking to buy a redyellow Balkamania shirt I can tear off there.
vulgar	Hold it you fucking bitch
vulgar	hell no! Where is the pussy print page?
vulgar	oh? He still talking to other bitches I bet. NONE of my biz tho
vulgar	like what u bitches wantttt (dmx voice)
vulgar	bitch I back shit up fuck nigga
vulgar	bitch am not gonna shut shit up feel free to join them
vulgar	nigga you beat who ass bitch we've never even fought so u need to stop making up shit and bring yo ass with them
vulgar	wow I was like 12 or 13 fighting people in high school, then bitch unfollow me fuck nigga
vulgar	bitch y u ain't come to school
vulgar	sup my nigga.. cracker.. home boy.. what ya know that .. blah... forget it.. hey to ya.
clean	haven't you ever heard the story of the birds and the bees
vulgar	bad bitch w dreads alert
vulgar	be sure to follow it up with a fabulous bitch face
vulgar	girls that want to hold on to they hoes and act like they can't show off they boyfriends
clean	Maybe Baylee Ann, Tater Pud, Nurse Fester, Charlie Chainsaws, Mama Rot should be their own team?! Next time in PunisherMAX!:-D
clean	thank you based pee slit
vulgar	ya pussy let's go wheelin
vulgar	niggah this shit serious aint no one laughing
vulgar	he's the fuck her right in the pussy guy
clean	I never did those games, but I was obsessed with Angry birds. Which is why it took me so long to do CCS. I was scared. Lol
clean	idk... It's trash though!
clean	Far as I can tell coon tracks on the cab door window - tractor was parked by some trees away from home
vulgar	fuck no she dont let nobody hit that pussy either I know it's firm
clean	Given the rickety slant of that roof I'd say more like Pizza Shanty
vulgar	yess bitch cuts, colors, and curls ha self.
clean	how could you say such a thing woman?! You have two functioning chest tables to hold your peanut butter and crackers!
vulgar	My knee won't let me wander around much so I just make a few trips and look at the fat girls-- redneck porn--Wal-Mart
vulgar	you to bitch!
vulgar	not over no twitter shit. Plus youre a female. You letting a dumb sloppy body ignorant bitch speak for 13k people
vulgar	And theyre retarded as fuck in general with their insults. Hope they fall off with AW, but the CSGO scene is growing so IDK.
vulgar	she going full retard right now smh
vulgar	There was also no need for her to be a cunt and act like she's something special. It wasn't unprovoked.
vulgar	hoe
clean	some weird local ghetto school haha
vulgar	don't be a pussy. Also there is beer AND FREE PIZZA HERE. I SWEAR
vulgar	because it's fucking retarded?
vulgar	....so ur a fag?
clean	pussy. It's science. Donaire via Rachel spelling error
vulgar	forgot someone niglet
vulgar	you fat Irish fucking cunt, I honestly hope you choke to death in a pool of your own Jameson induced vomit
vulgar	we don't love these hoes
vulgar	I stick up for my fam. don't disrespect the pouch my nigguh. and awe ily2
clean	he see the jig
clean	and take the trash out and separate the recyclables
clean	Humanity really needs to get past this whole slow down and stare at the scene of an accident ape mentality we have :-/
vulgar	So bad bitches intimidate you, in other words?
vulgar	my phone's doin da pussy right now lol
vulgar	lmao mark is the only guy left there he's about to get some pussy
vulgar	yes so you could leave fag
vulgar	hahahaha, aw nut... We should try and capture that cunt
vulgar	he wants pussy, nd a dini mean a cat
vulgar	hay pussy cat
vulgar	pussy you can't fight
clean	don't shake your head at me. I just love to trash talk.
vulgar	more like emily is a little twat
vulgar	she can just fuckin call the venue about it and they'll cancel the lost tickets and reprint new ones what a dumb bitch
vulgar	drug buddy pussy money bitches weed
vulgar	grow a pair pussy
vulgar	ol rachet ass bitch
vulgar	i rap that and her part of Problem 24/7 cause I'm a bad bitch
vulgar	well im sure im not fully retarded #imustbestupid:(
vulgar	true dat nig
vulgar	because you're a weak bitch. Listen to Cruel Hand because the singer fell on face last night.
vulgar	shit so Joel went off and swore at the kid and the kid was a fucking snitch nigga pussy and ratted on him got him -
vulgar	that's a dragon you retard
vulgar	when you realize you're trash
vulgar	fucc the extra shit I'm seeing that hoe THIS WEEKEND
vulgar	I got a kenwood amp to but it's probably ghetto, right?
clean	it's not ghetto you fool.
vulgar	you got a toolbox you hoe
clean	you gotta be like me n the twins, just chug it all before everyone
vulgar	you can be a bad bitch too dex its okay
vulgar	David block that bitch
clean	Sounds like the hysteria over bird flu a few years back. It had a lower mortality rate than the regular flu.
vulgar	every bitches claim
vulgar	bitch what? I don't give a fuck what you say but don't fuckin lie on me you hairy bitch
vulgar	is out of his goddamn bird trying to say YoBurger is better than 5 guys
vulgar	Alright, amateur grease monkey, show me how its done. Wait, that sounds racist...
clean	I hope my fuzzy head doesnt tickle too much.
vulgar	If you say one disparaging word about the Charlie Brown xmas special I will slash the tires on your car.
clean	Was just wondering if yo espect to add mo colored tv stations befo I renew dis
vulgar	Ok. I guess you ain't colored so so don't know da channels?
vulgar	awwww don't be a pussy ill show u was good with that turbo lol
vulgar	handles lol that shit only 315 hp now your bitch is stick soo I know was good with them double shifting aha
vulgar	bitch just meet me up here lol
vulgar	couldn't make it nigga was at the E.R. My bad then my charger for my phone ripped so I can text, I'm on my iPod all ghetto
vulgar	lmao yeah bitch that lil shit ripped .!
vulgar	yeah bitch did it taste good fucker -.-t
vulgar	fuck you bitch
vulgar	snag that ho!!!
clean	it's kinda screwed up that they were my guinea pigs but i was only experimenting on taste instead i got more interesting results.
vulgar	SLUT BUCKETS. especially Dan. He a hoe.
clean	Nope, never taken neighbors actual stuff. Just wifi. Acct info in their trash cans at 3am. Super easy.
clean	Only one current Yankee sells! Only one current BoSox sells! Only ONE player on each L.A. team sells! Most teams have 0, yeah.
vulgar	what I thought bitch
vulgar	bitch ain't fall down or nothing. bet she can take more licks than you. No?
vulgar	that hoe show up uninvited one day your ass won't come outside tho
vulgar	almost mad a nigguh catch some stacks at lunch, close one
vulgar	had da bitches rockin in da club wit my boy Connor
vulgar	that nigguh sucks
vulgar	pussy
vulgar	stop retweeting heather im tired of seeing that bitch on my tl
vulgar	both you bitches go to sleep
vulgar	lmao, them bitches was the truth
clean	then the kid he sold it to brought it back to him cooked in a brownie
vulgar	money can get you good weed, but not always the best of pussy. Sorry my friend (: guess
vulgar	pussy
vulgar	you are a bitch.
vulgar	they hv loads of cushion on the soles of them. They would feel good on ur dick.
vulgar	love you too bitch
vulgar	bitch I was out dea and your ass was sleep
clean	ghetto=black
clean	Jordan's are trash
clean	everytime pro teams do GB tourneys that get schmanged. Im not fanboying im just saying I don't think u should say they're trash.
clean	those trash SnD stars would scrape ur team in SnD and most pro teams.
clean	first second an third mistake... i been hearing it wus trash tho...kinda wan give it a listen, kinda dont
vulgar	girl I been wanting them shit I been growing them hoes for bout 6months
clean	nips
vulgar	This bitch sees that as not an attack because Muslims are only 1% (no idea where he maths)
clean	cool beaners.
clean	cool beaners. i just got home. ready to keep my couch from floating away. lol
vulgar	bitch be actin like I'm a celebrity
vulgar	oh wow the bitch is bitching again #niggasuprized
clean	I know how you feel,wait,no I don't. Perfect week for me would be Yanks not getting Lee #goSox #goPats
clean	Quick game for Sox Yanks.....hope you get home soon
clean	Sorry bout your Yanks Earl....who uya like in the WS?
clean	That would be your Yankees Earl....we all know they should win all 162
vulgar	but you were too busy being a raging bitch and not caring that your best friend was going through hell So there's my punch
clean	ghetto, driving a nice car, and not having to pay a lot for rent. I drive a Lexus, and pay little rent. Just saying.
clean	The shirt trash and I'm leaving your room a mess
vulgar	Wuw. Am not wun uv ur hoes dnt send mi pics
clean	yeah sorry monkey team just keeps kicking ppl, waiting for muh pizza
clean	Toma ESO negros
clean	pinche panamonos negros me Dan asco
vulgar	what's the difference between the three of the nig Nog's?
vulgar	thank you mint - happy Mothafuggin birthday too, hoe!!
clean	im assuming mickey bubbles
clean	sounds like gypos to me - they used to do this all the time where I lived
clean	youre cheating on mickey bubbles! :O
vulgar	your rhyming is ghetto
clean	gook
clean	WASP EGGS
vulgar	you sound like a real cunt
clean	dayum saterlyt shoz un bayg ho-ul
vulgar	sprite* hoe
clean	clever monkey!
vulgar	mostly move ya dumb bitch! Haha
clean	mr. and mrs trash
vulgar	she looks like a real dyke now
vulgar	bitch firstly it's resting on my titties and secondly if U WAS PAYING ATTENTION YOUD HAVE SEEN WHEN I SAID I ROLLED INTO IT
vulgar	lmao don't fight me you don't know my ghetto ass school dude I highly doubt that since I don't give a fuck about it
vulgar	you can't get rid of me that easily bitch
clean	Bu I do. I do hate the playa. And the Yankees. If I hate the Yankees for their payroll I have to hate the Dodgers.
vulgar	If I have to watch baseball I actually go for the Mets because Jon Stewart. And fuck the Yankees.
clean	We hate them more than the Cowboys and Yankees.
clean	Hey why dont u get involved in black on black situations? Cause hate whitey? B honest now #MikeBrown
vulgar	why nobody never invite me to no lesbian party. ): bitches.
vulgar	i know imma broke ass bitch
vulgar	bitch please, are you trying to say I was closer to Philly than you
vulgar	pussy pussy pussy
vulgar	you're a bitch
vulgar	Stop blowing the spurs pussies #HalftimeSpeech
vulgar	too many little whiney bitches in AMERICA. Someone to CRY about ANYTHING! IE: Kids MUST WEAR Bicycle Helmets!
vulgar	living with my bitches #live #thuglife
vulgar	pussies
vulgar	I'll come rape your wife bitch boy
vulgar	bitch no
vulgar	cause I didn't wanna see your bitch ass
vulgar	your one of my bitches you make money for me !
clean	hey #teabagger the law made it a FELONY to keep and collect the records. Get your facts straight
clean	discredited by whom? Per the government the study is good and factual. Pay your bills moocher teabaggers and republicans
vulgar	lmfaooo how many returns has this faggot gotten?
clean	Huge Yankee fan....enjoy
clean	birds of a feather. go away
vulgar	thanks hoe
vulgar	a pussy in ur mouth is a really good stress reliever doctors recommend
vulgar	i think u need a massage or a pussy in your mouth to make u feel less stressed out don't u think?
vulgar	you can be whatever you want since you aren't a lying ass bitch ass childish ass mother fucker
clean	you've got no sole
vulgar	just admit you started the shit by calling her out, and that you're being a bitch, and we'll all move on
vulgar	bitches
vulgar	Google's a bitch: Your search - Ann B. Davis Sexy- did not match any image results.
vulgar	I said I'm a vagina, but not a fag. Who HASN'T seen that movie?
vulgar	When did we become a nation of giant dripping whiny pussies, anyway?! MAKE THIS DUDE PRESIDENT! Of Iraq, even. He's the MAN!
vulgar	Nevermind. Still a little bitch.
vulgar	might need you to pummel a bitch
vulgar	Yo follow me back nigguh
clean	vertical nip bars..I already have horizontal ones so I think it'll look hella cute
clean	also, I put i touch myself on a ned/chuck mix.
vulgar	pussy
vulgar	you still ugly then a hoe and you still look like muffie off Arthur
clean	Fran is a hillbilly Virginia mountain man who has pre-1800s white Anglo-Saxon beliefs #frankensteinMD #kikme
vulgar	fuck off frank you pussy
clean	I saw the actual tweet while scanning Jihadi accounts. They put a screen shot of it with: all aid workers r spies
vulgar	shut up faggot, no one cares
vulgar	bitches talk shit, you got the right to swerve god damnit you are da shittt
vulgar	where's ours at nigguh !
vulgar	I call those my ghetto nunchucks...the reason I went 2 jail as well :(
vulgar	lmao he lyin sis! His bitch told me if any light bulb in the whole wide world light up today i ca fuck
vulgar	lmao bitch is dumb slap her up
vulgar	my fuckin name hoe
vulgar	And then everyone bitches anyways. The guy can't win with the fans we have. We would run Revis out of here in his prime
vulgar	rt something else from another bitch in panties about love I swear
clean	They would make a great baby bird pic bruh!
vulgar	text me fag
vulgar	fight me hoe
vulgar	haha ya hit that hoe right there
vulgar	lol my bad, I forgot that hoe made ya sad
vulgar	rt! You'll see watch he finna hit that hoe and put some
vulgar	bitch I wasn't following u in the first place get the fuck off my tl.
vulgar	bitch have you ever seen me fight why you even talking shit?
vulgar	bitch shut yo little ass up fucking no color emo faget ads nigga u call me dumb but u don't know shit
vulgar	bitch. What I like pussy go away u doing to much talking too much, I talk with my fist and u can get and yo dad little fuc
vulgar	or one of them bitches just be talking shit but not bout shit
vulgar	shit what's up with then hoes I'll do both hoe, Am pretty sure u not on my level
vulgar	ur fucken lame bitch
vulgar	thats thot pussy?
clean	I literally just told to his face how trash he is at the shop in hooping
clean	His job as US Prez, to protect us is throw in trash..Ebola ER at our cost Daniel, both money lives! DoG
vulgar	lol this faggot hid from the moon boss we i was helping him
vulgar	but Never to moose lol log off faggot your finished
vulgar	You bitch. Come on you bitch. You scared coward, you not man enough to fuck with me. You can't last two minutes in my world bitch.
vulgar	you gunna let that bitch do you like that?
vulgar	translation: i like how i dont really have to think about it or i dont think queers deserve a happy ending
vulgar	Fuckin moulinyan
vulgar	he's the definition of little squirrelly bitch
clean	(via )
vulgar	fuckkn hate when he fights. Being a big pussy all the time.
vulgar	where you at bitch
vulgar	im an ole bitch in Memphis,tn. and I think u rock also
vulgar	why do you guys cry and whine whenever someone says faggot? it's ridiculous.
clean	Do you think the guinea pig was okay? :(
vulgar	a hour you're home and chillin and I'm working pussy
vulgar	lmaooo fag
vulgar	Bitch pussy
clean	puppets like Don will intentionally and forever cripple our people's ability to unify a Eco and political consensus
clean	I'm referring to the second down put Vick in slot play #trash
vulgar	God forbid! She actually voted to give people affordable insurance rates. That bitch #teabag
clean	the worst terrorists are republican teabaggers...
clean	this guys company had best year EVER...under Obama....conservative teabaggers are scum
vulgar	k bitch
vulgar	ok faggot
vulgar	and bullying? I didn't know u could bully over the internet?? And the bitch came at me so idk why u in my mentions bruh
clean	yes true reagan was the first..ike wouldnt. While president and he was supreme allied commander.
clean	I don't understand it, there's trash cans/dumpsters everywhere and if there's not, just wait till you go somewhere with one.
vulgar	yo girl whats yr potential? I wanna retard it
vulgar	no bitch lol
clean	BTW, Happy Birthday, Charlie! Get better soon!
clean	Stay safe out there, Charlie.
vulgar	the only place for a ho in the garden
vulgar	pudding it right in her pussy
vulgar	right in the fucking pussy
clean	lax gun laws? Ur retarded. There's murder there bcuz no one can defend themselves. Only crooks have guns there
vulgar	HEY! I'M still on LambdaMOO. (and it really is empty, nobody to talk to except that asshole bird...)
vulgar	feels like a video a band would pussy out on releasing. Thank god spiritualized is still around to make up for it all.
vulgar	real girls like impress me bitch
vulgar	bailey is gettin pussy
vulgar	I'm on my way to the gym already but thx bitch
vulgar	so when a certain season comes around it's time to be a hoe
clean	Chris stop your angry bird spitting n Dana go hail ur racial tendicies, u didn't infor, carter rt n u never talk abt him
clean	now jimmy want to talk trash would've ,should've, could've now, Chris stop talking and spitting!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
vulgar	and you're a hoe
vulgar	bitch where you goin?
vulgar	bitch where you going?
vulgar	hoe
vulgar	k bitch niggas
vulgar	being a stupid bitch apparently.
vulgar	indeed I did nigga is too over used so I use nigger
clean	Diaval gets a pass by virtue of mostly being a bird.
clean	last year i had to explain why queer theory is the acceptable academic term
vulgar	......bitch yeah it was me.. Caught me red handed, sorry
clean	Merry Christmas Hun !
vulgar	fuck Olive that bitch
vulgar	bitch look like she gon blow away fr!
clean	nd you kno how much I love clams lol
clean	you kno I love stuffed clams bai
vulgar	they already have. Are you retarded?
vulgar	crazy bitch why
vulgar	Are you sure you ain't colored?
vulgar	lol I don't got nothin against nobody witta man. I'm just sayin summa these hoes be lyingggggg
vulgar	ayy might as well get. Fat hoes don't even like abs nomo they like balla bellys
vulgar	bitch no u not u look like a full breaded cracker
vulgar	yea native and black proud then a bitch
vulgar	and how is that what I'm suppose to go for the team who beat us, that's retarded
vulgar	really u use in another nigga name and u follow a nigga who doesn't fucking like you your a faggot kok eyed mother fucker
vulgar	then bitch how about u go read wtf I put then
vulgar	I never played Halo, too busy slaying bitches
vulgar	dgaf hoe
vulgar	I wouldn't know cause i don't fuck with these hoes
vulgar	lol its #hoe bitch ass
vulgar	that hoe over there
vulgar	boooooi that's TMI for these hoes
clean	only if its yellow cake chocolate frosting
clean	Kept the border open to disease from Central America, lowest workforce part. % since Carter, yep, a real boon to NC.
vulgar	my bitch doesn't even know you so wtf r u talking about nigga stop fucking dreaming
vulgar	Somebody who's that much of a moron and a pussy doesn't belong on the force.
clean	did you make an animal cracker taco
vulgar	is it full of niggers
vulgar	lmaoooo that hoe look like
vulgar	naw he should drop that bitch off in south Dallas with the rest of the homeless dogs
vulgar	tell me this nigga ain't purple then a bitch nigga not black
vulgar	Mammy push you out and had a white baby like a bitch
vulgar	big bro thought he was on house party's pajama jam like a bitch
vulgar	like bitch and a gram
vulgar	lol I would've beat that hoe up
vulgar	yeah man all my niggas dipped to the cars and left and I was in a barn getting chased by the ghetto bird
vulgar	young thug ain't earn his strips yet lol just a few 2k14 bangers. Wiz can do dat cuz he not a lil nigguh of the rap game lol
vulgar	I just don't wanna get looked at funny when I say nigger in public...
vulgar	basically any foams over a 8 ugly... All dem bitches look big long an floppy (nh)
vulgar	the nerve of these hoes
vulgar	baker planted an M-80 in that bitch. When white guy lights the wick...
vulgar	monkey his cigarette. He's dead serious
vulgar	so you was in a female DMs talking to another nigga... You're a faggot b
vulgar	tell me how that sounds stupid? You were pretending to be a female and talking to a guy. You a faggot
vulgar	what do you mean nice try? I'm right nigga. You a faggot. If you wanna argue bout anything else continue
vulgar	your bitch in Houston
vulgar	my boy said this last night. I'll be in the gym Bc I refuse to be sloppy like these bad built bitches lol
vulgar	oh bitch! ... I just saw your instagram post and I SCREAMED
vulgar	rate my hoe
vulgar	that hoe suck
vulgar	I learned from the great Asia Torres take notes bitch
vulgar	eew bitch get out of my carrrr
vulgar	See dis what happens when a colored man move into s neighborhood. He ain't been sick fo 10 days
vulgar	And I really be thuggin wtf I look like hanging around some lil chipotle Jamba Juice ass bitches like
clean	is he chunky?
clean	You are hairy like a monkey. : P
vulgar	home of that one hoe Katrina
vulgar	shuddup hoe
vulgar	ion have a FB, niggas on twitter ain't worried about me, them IG nigga foe EVERYBODY so try again my BFFL got the hoes
vulgar	fuckin bitches talkin shit bout to get hit.
vulgar	shoulda came to my family's dinner tonight....we talked about shitting and negros.
clean	I ain't never orderin from no colored pizza stow
vulgar	I see da dayd presidents coz my bitches and hoes be makin money day way
vulgar	im going to miss that big nig
vulgar	lol @ all the kids that act redneck in Oviedo
vulgar	bitch
clean	......monkey look, just like you!
vulgar	bad ass bitch!
clean	I'm trash
clean	honky tonk badonka ankh
vulgar	lmaoo boy how you think Benny heard it lol i was blasting that bitch
vulgar	yea ima spin on yo hoe at about 15 after 12
vulgar	bitch you outta line
vulgar	r u still talking smh bitch idgaf what u is stfu talking to u just going around circles
vulgar	fuck up hoes meaning stfu hoes lol
vulgar	fuck up hoes!
vulgar	TOP NOTCH bitches
vulgar	if you're concerned about how much your lady makes then that's some bitch shit to me and you need your ego stroked
clean	I see. So you feel betrayed, your racism comes out. Shocked you didn't call him Uncle Tom you bitter loser
vulgar	faggot
vulgar	ok hoe
vulgar	Yas bitch . Don't have too much fun
clean	trash*
clean	you're not funny trash
vulgar	by not being an unloyal retard
clean	That's hoser eh to you.
vulgar	whatchu gon do bout it bitch
vulgar	I swear this is just disgraceful like a bitch line a really be dry all day I'll only get emails from pacsun !
vulgar	#Allah can KISS MY ASS! And yes, MUHAMMED was a bitch! Just like OSAMA BINLADEN!
vulgar	my name is ollie bitch
vulgar	Pau pissed me off like Boozer pissed off Bulls fan... 2 soft faggots
vulgar	Simmons acted like a bitch when Doc left for LA..
clean	The last planet of the apes with my kids... It's been a minute
vulgar	it's twitter.. That's what folks do.. Same folks be mad when someone calls them a nigger on here..
clean	nice lie #teabagger. Just because you want to see it doesn't make it real. Like Reagan was a conservative, another huge lie
clean	I also recommend 6pack of shiner Bock and 12 hours of brisket duty at the pit feeding oak coals
vulgar	thank you so much. it was a bitch move of her to pull. but thank you
vulgar	fuck my tight pussy until I'm dripping wet
vulgar	haha you bitch really tho it will be good to catch up yo ! It was pretty fun last time we chilled
vulgar	yo nig your a cheeseball.
vulgar	OUUUUUFFFFF you will see pussy
vulgar	karma a bitch bruhh
vulgar	I don't fight bitchez. They bitch during it to much.
vulgar	not a bitch that's for sure
vulgar	ur a cunt nd a wish a was a faggot
vulgar	no ion gotta do a bitch ass thang if you dont like wtf im saying unfollow me
vulgar	retard alert
vulgar	playas fuck up too lmao but that's like on trash FORREAL you a crazy one I see
vulgar	that spear chucker? Hell no.
vulgar	I blocked that annoying ass sand nigger claims to not be biased but yet no one can say anything about khan
vulgar	we should play together soon I've been playing with random faggots but it's fun
vulgar	at least put a caption when stealing the pic fag lol
vulgar	looks ghetto as fuck
vulgar	4th my guinea pig will haunt you
clean	i'm not a trash talker, brah. i'm polite and diplomatic on and off the court.
vulgar	he is a pussy an wouldn't show up bro
vulgar	do it you pussy
vulgar	Shut up. And miss you too fag
clean	You can't see it but I'm flipping you the bird
vulgar	hotter than a pussy in a pepper patch....who makes this shit up anyways...?
vulgar	lemme cheer you up bitch
vulgar	let's hang out nigger
clean	or if we pick you up in SC and take you with us nip to CR.
clean	Weird to see a local yokel journalist get worked up enough to take such a pointed side, though. Thought they were impartial.
vulgar	I don't care if it's a saying calling someone a bitch is still calling someone a name.
vulgar	ok, I'll sink to your level... you're a special kind of bitch aren't you?
vulgar	1. Knew he was gettin pussy later 2. He yakked 3. You look stoned as hell
vulgar	fucking bitch
vulgar	lmao fucking bitch ima whoop you like a did yesterday but I'm trying to update the roster you down?
vulgar	it's that puff pass it porn up on the tablet, run up to bitch with assless chaps swearing that I'm catholic
vulgar	bad bitches only?
vulgar	all the real gangsters knoww nate aint never loved no hoe
vulgar	monkey dong
vulgar	bitch you subtweeted him
vulgar	fuck yeah and hot big blk boots. This scally lad would get it.
clean	On that 4th down incompletion, both the slants looked like better options. Shame, but theres a youth lack of trust going on.
vulgar	I'm dumb then a hoe haha I already lost that thing ya gave me today
vulgar	haha them hoes only go hard when a nigga stooooned lol
vulgar	them bitches smell like my farts i been holdin in since 5th grade
vulgar	too bad bitch! You in this shit forever
vulgar	uhh no bitch I never overplayed itv
vulgar	yeah, SOME NIGGAS are straight bitches.
vulgar	Yeah....but your the one who wanted followers,you gotta work it bitch
vulgar	is a fag
vulgar	dykes aren't even human tbh, like what empowered them to dress like a man but like bitches?? Some alien shit
vulgar	if bitches Tryna step to us
clean	That's why I'm partially glad that I have to say Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here to slip into my Kermit voice well.
vulgar	sameeee bitch asss lol
vulgar	y'all tryna fuck my bitch after the game or nah?
vulgar	yeah if you get in trouble its less than a .5 percent chance that its a mistake. so you're a fucking retard.
clean	hey #teabagger Bohner said he got 98% of what he wanted in sequester. You sound like a moron when everyone knows you are LYING
vulgar	They do. Why else do teachers constantly bitch about pay?
vulgar	You got all the bitches though.
vulgar	she said, it's ok if u let ur man punch u in ur pussy as long as he makes u cum?
vulgar	he scared of pussy
vulgar	nice profile pic fag
vulgar	I'm always a call away if ya need me nigs
vulgar	because its retarded. lol jk were the same
vulgar	ehh it was tough but yeah. Lol jk of course niglet
vulgar	pussy put yo ass to sleep now I'm calling you nyquil
clean	no way !! I'm on a dude you are fat diet Twinkies are the devil, so are breakfast tacos. I miss breakfast tacos
vulgar	don't be a pussy! Just talk to her more and be more of a friend so it doesn't seem as hard.
vulgar	Bare ass me again, I cunt hear you
vulgar	Aye hoe
vulgar	Eff dem hos.
clean	it totally does. smells like brownies every day i walk to work.
clean	bird hats every other hat
clean	the bird has a hat. So it's hats on hats, who can beat that?
clean	find a new hillbilly!! #spiritweek!!
clean	...in fact were I to start a for-profit university this would be the sole requirement for graduation!
clean	Ha! I'm actually going to see a Yankee game, as weird as it sounds. My uncle's house in NJ is an hour away.
clean	we could get matching burner phones and be ghetto fab for a few months
vulgar	Jessica I'm not afraid to slit your throat tomorrow
vulgar	The fuckin pussy makes fun of people all day on the radio, someone calls him a creep and he blocks them.
vulgar	Like I said, pussies.
vulgar	bitch.
vulgar	long tittie no nipple havin ass bitch
vulgar	at least that one dude had the guts to @ me. If you don't like my opinion qquit being a bitch and keep scrolling
vulgar	ima call you of a different number cuz moms still on sum hoe shit
vulgar	joey r u a retard its about the defense and we only allow an avg of like 10 point so u really need to
vulgar	Ill fucking merk a bitch dude, dont fuck with me
vulgar	ur welcome u bitch
clean	the minute those red n yellow for rent signs go up the reg. ppl start selling n move
vulgar	fuck it hoes will be hoes.
vulgar	please no more like that SNOB elissa. rich bitches suck!
vulgar	you better of called that kid a pussy!
vulgar	#pussy
vulgar	bitch
clean	how are you Argie?
vulgar	bitch what huh nigga am not gonna do damn thing sir this my page, oh what u forgot
vulgar	shut yo cracker jack buck teeth ass Am a native and a nigga the best kind
clean	me or nat!? def not me with that shiner
clean	Have heard some hillbilly grumblings that bugs worse in recent years because of MIC shutdown.
vulgar	Xbox live fags
vulgar	You're also a better little bitch
clean	blue cheese crackers intrigues and repulses me at the same time.
vulgar	that's my nig nog
vulgar	bitch I'm starving!
vulgar	bitch YESSSSS I make girls mad
vulgar	You couldn't handle Iowa pussy - here, kitty, kitty, kitty ---
clean	stegosaurus hissed like a snake, pterodactyl sounded like a crow,T-rex like a cross between a parrot and an elephant
vulgar	let these hoes be great
vulgar	lmfaoooo I'm tryna see how many hoes I can lure in
clean	My guy is a Maine coon and a total cuddle bum. Every one that I've ever met has been super friendly.
vulgar	fag lol
vulgar	Getting his ass pounded loving it! I'm done with this GAY whiney bitch. NEXT......
vulgar	For real. Lil bitch.
vulgar	i understand why, everyone loves pussy
vulgar	can a quote this and tag a bitch
vulgar	only bad bitches in $roe r u
clean	also Nack which autocorrect changed so I'm putting my phone in the trash and going to sleep
vulgar	honestly fuck whoever agreed with this bitch ass nigga your never going to get to tupac level
vulgar	I understand but stop venting on this bitch you give to much insight in to your life these people don't deserve that
vulgar	and why would I want my girl to stand up for me if im the man you are a bitch for letting her do that
vulgar	I swear you straight up bitch
vulgar	and your an annoying ass fuck boy he could of still meet up and fight somwhere else u can shut that bitch shit up fuck boy
vulgar	bitch where u be fuck nigga
vulgar	bitch you look like one of the characters off of Sesame Street which yo ugly ass.
vulgar	nigga what bitch I'm talking bout boxing can u read?
vulgar	so wtf u tryna do bitch?
vulgar	that nigga ain't no fucking champ he a straight up bitch who not bout shit # bitch made!
vulgar	your mama raised you as bitch right
vulgar	your so fucking ignorant u talk a lot shit for someone who don't wanna fight your mama raised u as bitch huh?
vulgar	Your a stupid little cunt... I thought you couldn't get any lower.. But how dare you spit on people on your own fucking fans..
vulgar	have fun getting deported you fucking faggot
vulgar	nice wigger stache
vulgar	oh I forgot you retarded lol lemme break it down for you where the BG hoes at lmao
clean	God bless you whitey. I be sleepin in tomorrow
vulgar	quit being a bitch
vulgar	oh what hoe is she trippin bout then
vulgar	I put lotion on bitch ass nigga
vulgar	We got a win my nicca! Lmao
vulgar	ok they have 2 niggers in raw
clean	lol then they have one more flavor I think it's yellow idk.. But yea there bomb.
vulgar	do it pussy
vulgar	he triesto cause drama between people, he said that you called me a bitch, and i know you didnt hahahaaha
vulgar	#pussy
clean	Yeah one called me a race traitor lol
vulgar	well, I know you like it when children are murdered, kind of weird you would be such a little bitch about a twitter list
vulgar	He said ready bitch okay Lmfaoooooooo so done !!
vulgar	tell yo bitch to stop calling me fam !
vulgar	Then send them bitches through express mail overnight delivery
vulgar	aha your welcome niggah
vulgar	dont even trip my niggah i got you lol
vulgar	just look for the realest niggah on rosecrans that be me lol
vulgar	my niggah my niggah lol
vulgar	niggah you dont know me! Lol you dont know my life aha
vulgar	I can't help but notice you attempting to avoid acknowledging your very hairy pussy....
vulgar	oh no no no. You're perpetually in the 15%. Your hairy pussy tho.... Different story.
vulgar	your pussy not mine do you
clean	aka he wanna keep you warm, shoulda just introduced himself #coons
clean	let the coons be great it's in the dream
vulgar	pussy shit ^
clean	don't judge me monkey
vulgar	I'm not a nig.
vulgar	shine bright like a bad bitch
vulgar	hoes gon be hoes so so i couldn't blame tammy
clean	Stink should shut his hole just perform his tricks like a good trained monkey
vulgar	of the washington post to call the President ignorant I ask you racist ,angry ,bitter, bitch look in the mirror!!!!!!!!!!!
vulgar	bitch please, I'll go to Windsor either way.. When i come up I can bring some also
vulgar	nah this bitch dykey
vulgar	I know, all the bitches love me
vulgar	ha bitch I know
vulgar	if you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen. Gratata swag bitch
vulgar	holy fuck thank you. I hate bitches that just fuck their ex then their boyfriend then back to back like damn Call you peace pipe
vulgar	trust me, after i tweeted that i was like... Damn im a fag
vulgar	bitch back up I'm taken
vulgar	no but if you dare I'll slay your ass. You fruity quaffing tranny.
vulgar	Its funny and it has that blond bitch on it
clean	hey now there's no need for foul language you kike
vulgar	hey, fuk them hoes they prolly already have it
clean	then who are you to call me trash
vulgar	yep I'm an asshole..oh well he shouldn't be such a little bitch..I'm sure he hears worse on a daily basis
vulgar	suck ass bum ass Yankees foh
clean	poor coon.......snow stopped here,now if the wind would it might be nice out,well for winter
vulgar	haha pussy
vulgar	I know bitch
vulgar	bitch if they wasnt
vulgar	bitch this shit is SOOOO FUNNY
vulgar	bitch you looked surprised asf YO MAMA LET YOU DRIVE HER SHIT
clean	like some of the worst lyrics they post are beautiful but just because they don't know what they're talking about, it's trash
clean	that's the beauty of them brownies I always daydream about what I'd do if I hit the powerball lol (nerdy but fun)
vulgar	only dumb bitches r in 8th
vulgar	bring it bitch.
vulgar	safe bruv welcum to twitter my niggur
vulgar	wrong skiny girls are for guys that want hot sex that looks good too. Every fat bitch knows that
clean	Isn't there a law that all clam chowder must be served im bread bowls? Haha
vulgar	ruga bussed yo bitch #bowbow
vulgar	duh! You're my main bitch :)
clean	its pretty easy actually. I'm just the cashier. Right now I'm eating those animal crackers lolol :)
vulgar	what time is your bonfire Saturday hoe?
vulgar	Hey, that guy has the same first name that I do! What a fag.
vulgar	fag
vulgar	moderator wants to bitch slap Romney so hard
vulgar	got bitches that look like Bulldogs instead lol
vulgar	quit ya hating you oyster lookin ass bitch.
clean	Nope - got lucky - some washing on the slopes, gonna make it a little rough combining but feeling very fortunate today
clean	Shy Glizzy
vulgar	bitch what time
vulgar	nigga stop being a bitch and come to the high school You already said yes
vulgar	. No the fuck it doesn't it's a fucking song wtf r u talking about. Yes the fuck I can bitch
vulgar	plz come down here im really sick of your bitch ass talking shit plz come down here it going to be 1 on 1
vulgar	No am just letting you what's going to happen, am not like u pussy ass niggas from Plano
vulgar	bitch I been in Plano every fuck weekend and you make excuses stfu and fight
vulgar	bitch how tf am dumb your going off what someone else told you so u can shut that shit up
vulgar	bitch that's next year come on the weekend
vulgar	but yo scary ass don't want to see me tho stfu talking am u know where I be at pussy boy
vulgar	u fucking trailer trash
vulgar	naw really bitch I mean yo address
vulgar	bitch keep talking
vulgar	bitch what where y'all be at come to town east mall u and your bitch fuck boys
vulgar	then bring yo bitch ass to town east mall let me know when u there bitch!
vulgar	then bring your bitch ass to town east bitch
vulgar	u call me dumb but u speak on shit u don't know nothing about yea look who's fucking talking retard
vulgar	where y'all be at oh we going fight come to town east bitch
vulgar	yea it's very true bitch
vulgar	How u going to talk shit from another state that's dat pussy shit
vulgar	I heard your mama raised you like bitch
vulgar	I said your name bitch so yes you fuck boy
vulgar	Lmfao and I'm making more money then yo duck ass bitch I from Dallas tx born and raised and we back our shit up all day nigga
vulgar	No am real but you a pussy ass nigga so why would I give a fuck what u think lmao just stfu
vulgar	No that's what u think I just don't like pussy boys who run they mouth but they can't back they words up.
vulgar	No the fuck it's not bitch what's the real fucking address get that bitch out yo blood and tell me the address
vulgar	am done are acting like a little bitch. My 5 year old nephew realer then your scary ass, sunset is not a time u dumb fuck
vulgar	am going to hurt more then your bitch ass feelings
vulgar	and stop being a bitch made nigga and man up and show up for that ass whooping
vulgar	and who said I didn't like myself where the fuck u got shit from u made that up stfu and stop assuming and bitch am not ugly.
vulgar	and why would I care what a bitch ass nigga think and u don't understand how fucking scary u look
vulgar	and you got that pussy in your bllod
vulgar	bitch I don't wanna talk, I wanna fight your pussy ass
vulgar	bitch I have a phone stfu talking don't worry about me just make sure you show up
vulgar	bitch am not I really don't fucking like you. why the fuck are you even talking to me ?
vulgar	bitch am not your fam and wtf is skrong, who says shit like that get your wack ass off my page lamo
vulgar	bitch cause u wanted to fight and you didn't show up, and tryna make a bet and shit get yo friendly ass off My Twitter
vulgar	bitch didn't we just discuss this shit yesterday what time faget
vulgar	bitch get the fuck off my tl what u mean
vulgar	bitch go get a life before I block your lame ass
vulgar	bitch let's fight today where you at or are you going to bitch up again. I think your going to bitch up again
vulgar	bitch meet up
vulgar	bitch that says traffic stop bitch stop making excuses
vulgar	bitch u a thot oh fake ass nigga box up hoe u not bout nothing
vulgar	bitch u describe both of those terms
vulgar	bitch what? I did show up then I tweeted,dm, texted then called u and I asked u were tryna meet up bitch ur fucking weak.
vulgar	bitch what? No it must of flew over u head cuz u didn't show up at Plano senior high school in Plano tx fuck boy
vulgar	bitch who's fucking playing but you and how would u know what I smoke I don't fuck with friendly ass niggas
vulgar	bitch who's playing am not worried about you or your little faget ass friends at vines I know niggas at vines to so wtf u say
vulgar	bitch wtf r u talking about and why tf r u still talking shit but not doing no action no thank for proving my point pussy boy
vulgar	bitch you are not funny stfu talking to me what part of that do you not understand?
vulgar	bye bitch
vulgar	catch them hoes on.Saturday meet me at Plano senior high
vulgar	ha bitch who angry bitch am taller and older then your fake ass boy stfu your making yourself look like a dumbass pussy boyy!
vulgar	i swear u a fuck nigga u a scary little bitch u think this a game huh?
vulgar	idgaf what your name is scary ass give me a real address hoe
vulgar	is that all you have to say you sound like a little bitch nagging and shit where u be at
vulgar	keep talking I'm going to make when u can't talk, u going to be talking like a retard
vulgar	lets settle this and fight stop being a pussy
vulgar	meet up then and stop hitching out and back your words up pussy
vulgar	mfka what ok bitch we going to see. Your a funny mother fucker
vulgar	naw my fam aint no bitch made niggas, gtf off my shit fuck nigga im not your fam oh friendly ass nigga
vulgar	nigga I was there at 5:42 I went to go get my homeboy and I texted u at 5:50 naw u a bitch
vulgar	nigga i really dont give a flying fuck but if u wanna talk shit then back your words up and scratch stop being a little bitch
vulgar	nigga u just called me a bitch last time i check im a fucking nigga get out there and ill show u what a real fight like
vulgar	nigga what I was talking bout after school. Or when ever your choice bitch
vulgar	pussy
vulgar	pussy nigga it's the same term
vulgar	restricton g means your license been revoked stop making excuses you a straight up bitch
vulgar	sorry don't know what to tell you but to get your pussy ass off my twitter
vulgar	u can bring that bitch to.
vulgar	u can have a tool bet u want shoot it tho pussy ass nigga but u can't through dem hands tho
vulgar	u feel like dumb ass don't u pussy boy
vulgar	u going to get dropped bitch im a fucking nigga who got a fucking dick
vulgar	u made me drive all the way to Plano then wanna bitch out
vulgar	u want me to panda express so someone. Can break up the like fuck stick to plan and go to Plano get that bitch out your blood
vulgar	u will see it on Saturday and if u don't show up then your a bitch made nigga pussy ass nigga
vulgar	umm you sure the hoes I talk to aren't ugly
vulgar	wtf r u talking about I was in Plano tx what r u talking about pussy boy
vulgar	wtf u think u ole pussy ass nigga
vulgar	yes bitch, your a fucking square
vulgar	you dumb fuck that's not a fucking full address you dumbass I don't live in Plano so how the fuck would I know retard
vulgar	Home fag. Didn't feel like puttin up with your shit today
vulgar	I slid in your DMs so answer me bitch!!
clean	don't you mean crowd not crows
vulgar	Im pretty sure she's a bad bitch. In other words, shawty a dime.
vulgar	I was implying you we're the bro them two aint nothin but lil hoes..c'mon now I or you Kim
vulgar	bitches needa take notes
vulgar	nigga be safe hoe
vulgar	fuck you bitch
vulgar	lmaooooo we can't wash that baby ass honda you got cause that hoe don't cost more than 1200
clean	lmaooo just call my phone if you want them birds *Migos Voice*
vulgar	don't watch me watch tv hoe
vulgar	nigga Madison playing some bitch ass white boys that's going to Harvard on law scholarship play crazy
vulgar	you owe me anyway hoe I need that with interest or shooting your shit up
vulgar	you seen it hoe put that cash up bitch imma take your money and spit on your fat ass
vulgar	I feel like I just got married bruh, she a bad bitch
vulgar	Don't be a bitch
vulgar	you just did bitch lol
vulgar	I'm a boss ass bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch
vulgar	Lol me and just sit there and make fun of him. I can't stand that fag
vulgar	bitch music
vulgar	fuck you bitch.
vulgar	bitch you're the ugly one that's why everyone leaves you AHAHAHAA
vulgar	you were the one that jumped in this conversation you smelly ass bitch... just fuck off and thats it..
vulgar	bitch I ain't arguing with you .. Fuk on! You said some slick shit n I addressed it .. #Simple
vulgar	I highly doubt you're a real woman. You're prolly a fat ass man. Who fuckin cares?!? Let me do me ho
vulgar	bitch you mentioned me first tf wrong wit yo psychotic ass.
vulgar	someone on Facebook made a status defending him so I dropped a bomb full of knowledge on that bitch and unfriended
vulgar	lol tell Liv none of her usual redneck hillbilly places an none of ur black gangsta places either
vulgar	ew you look like a cheap tranny hooker
vulgar	some scandalous hoes then!!! Lmao
vulgar	gimme one with his mouth closed I can't draw teeth without making them look retarded oMF
vulgar	fuck yo bitch ass
vulgar	don't hoe me
clean	I give up on the Tankees I mean Yankees. Maybe next year!!
clean	Kris, griff is too ghetto to know anything about sperrys or vans
vulgar	talkin bout bitches gettin butthurt am i right?!
vulgar	fight . Expose hoes , do some super gay shit , anything negative , since that's how society works.
vulgar	that's fucking bitches for ya! Using that pus to hook u
vulgar	try me pussy
vulgar	atleast i dont have dick breath you twat licker
vulgar	atleast i wipe my ass trashy bitch
vulgar	bitch if im talker than you then youre short so stfu
vulgar	bitch im 57 1/2 smd hoe
vulgar	comeover here then bitch
vulgar	r u that ugly that ur avi is a bitch
vulgar	bitch
vulgar	lady Bligh is my bitch!! I got 10 natty daddy's in my fridge #turnup
vulgar	so many hoes
vulgar	text me fag
vulgar	fag
clean	wait n as in nick or m as in mick?
vulgar	No the fuck u can't dumb bitch, matter of fact go get nigga hoe cuz u not going be shit.
vulgar	stfu prude ass basic ass bitch
clean	the slopes aren't for us bro Hahaha
clean	you've been talking trash since we were 3 and 5.
vulgar	Sick bitch nutjob
clean	Strong with the Force, leprechauns are.
vulgar	haha, I've swatted that little bitch around all night, starting to feel a bit sorry for him, seriously.
vulgar	and I are on our way to fuck your bitch
vulgar	fag that's some gay ass shit
vulgar	on my way to fuck your bitch
vulgar	sucks to suck bitch.
vulgar	Nah, they would probably call you out for being the obsessed faggot you are also. Nice try though.
vulgar	because she a typical ghetto girll.
vulgar	DP = Double Penetration aka a dick in the ass and a dick in the pussy at the same damn time.
vulgar	bitch I called yu back
vulgar	bitch you need to bring your ass to fucking practice.
vulgar	text me bitch
vulgar	can't wait 2 see my bitch tmrw #gatsby #l00py
vulgar	nigger
vulgar	yeah I read yo shit to fast bitch
vulgar	ah Lil bit bitch
vulgar	ohh bitch i gotta go fck with my girl my second lil family frfr
vulgar	salty pussy
vulgar	I like that your room isn't a big sloppy mess like most of these Twitter hoes
clean	I skipped the running. And am eating chips. And brownies.
vulgar	pretty like a bitch
vulgar	just Robert bc he was the one cussing like no tomorrow bc he's a pussy
vulgar	you a bitch tho I know for sure I'm not. You'd get your ass beat by any of my bitches that's fact
vulgar	linda you just @ yourself rn you retard^^
clean	eh, take off hoser.
vulgar	bitch*
vulgar	bitch***
vulgar	exactly, so she's a bitch
vulgar	Lil pussy didn't DM me back?, hmm
clean	Approximately 1/2 in one crash. There wasn't supposed to be that many members of a seal team on one bird
vulgar	what a bishhh slap a hoe
vulgar	I don't see how ud get pussy when u yourself are a pussy.
clean	mk Hun just textith me
vulgar	same here nigga the minute it dropped I got it. Fuck with our team bitch
vulgar	your disgusting, you should be banned from talking about Hiphop, retards like you belong in the 40s with your retarded ass logic
clean	lol just getting this..early bird catches the worm!
clean	a video i made -- Porn Actress Sexy Capri Anderson Kissing Video with Charlie Sheen via
vulgar	after a 2 day bitch fest maybe
vulgar	omg...what a retard...should have asked her which weighs more? Thousand pounds of feathers or a thousand pounds of steel?
clean	so was slavery, prohibition and not letting women to vote... segregation jim crow laws.. etc etc i can do this all day lol
vulgar	how about darkskin dykes?
vulgar	hey dude watch who your calling a bitch..
vulgar	my dad wanted me to twat him.
vulgar	oh hell no they act proper and i live in richardson much finer then the hoes in ducanville
vulgar	and yes.THAT was very ghetto and condescending ESPECIALLY after her miserably failed crappy school lunch initiative. The Hypocrite
vulgar	faggot
vulgar	garbage rappers can't learn. it's like teaching Advanced Algebra to a retard.
vulgar	no one knows the words to that song, they only know the sexy saxophone. George Michael is a pussy.
vulgar	thanks...bitch.
vulgar	thats that never call a bitch again shit
vulgar	for reals psycho ass bitch lol
vulgar	us english it's our go learn grammar u dick sucking hoe
vulgar	idk what ur saying probably desperate for my pussy
vulgar	u call ur bestie a bitch I'm guessing she's a dog that barks too much
vulgar	too pussy or what?
vulgar	prolly not. They sound like little bitches.
clean	I didn't mock anything! Was asked I believed in Noah's arc and said no, how is that mocking any religion? Opinion that's all
vulgar	ur a boss ass bitch
vulgar	apparently this little pussy cant converse nevermind fight. Ive been blocked. Oh well youth gets frustrated easy.
clean	extra yellow.
clean	yellow is even better
vulgar	all #nfl stadiums play music by jay-z a former drug dealer whose diaphragm wouldnt work w/o saying nigger in every song
vulgar	niggas be pressed 4 pussy it ain't nuthin instead of worrying who dat bitch fucking why don't u get chu sum money
vulgar	you're right momma ain't raise no faggot
vulgar	yeah hoe ass nigga
vulgar	at that point, just call me nigger.
vulgar	someone needs to give these bitches a gatoraide or ten
vulgar	Your mouth Your pussy Your ass My dick And a sandwich after we fuck. What kinda question is that?
clean	groves is trash IMO
vulgar	the black girl is lighter than every other bitch on here! y'all needa stop playin, fuckin up darkskin girls body image
vulgar	don't start lil bitch
vulgar	try some 2 Chainz. I heard he has some big booty hoes.
vulgar	fuck you bitch, where's my sleeve
vulgar	wtf is ur tumblr bitch
vulgar	u and taber the shit coon
clean	Fake pics get off my TL, u r dismissed muzzie.
vulgar	do you mean you were too distracted by being a bitch ? :))
vulgar	faggot
clean	White people need those weapons to defend themselves from the subhuman trash your sort unleashes on us.
vulgar	we don't trust these hoes, lol na but it's bigger for us I think bc most guys talk to girls first, if you understand
vulgar	other than those the university and the white black and red ones .. The rest trash anyway. They just making shit up now
vulgar	you fucked that bitch!
vulgar	Mmm no thanks I've been saving mine up for this point in time....fucking queer....
vulgar	I mean we have other pics of me ..idk why you chose that one *cough* bitch *cough*
vulgar	bitch I will kill yo vibe
vulgar	bitches bow down
vulgar	fuck bitches get money
vulgar	oh you spelled give wrong psh thought I'd be a bitch
clean	lmaoo abo crusty hands
vulgar	Thanks for saying hi today bitch!!
clean	trash about us and your from another conference- you can say goodbye
vulgar	Scrolling through my TL. Ol sick ass bitch!!!
clean	you should make me brownies!
clean	I don't understand the need for multiple autopsies. I guess they're going to keep on until they can slant 1 against the officer
vulgar	next you could ask the grand wizard of the #kkk why so many are intolerant this poor soul's views. #cunt #tcot #frc #p2 #foxnews
vulgar	ain't that a bitch.
vulgar	o #k #bitch
clean	Someone recently told me that a local yokel was going to use my twitter account to damage me so... Yeah.
vulgar	I be THIIIIIIIS close to going real east side Detroit on they monkey ass. But. I don't.
clean	or jim crow laws segregation lynching laws... anti womans suffrage laws... amazing how everyone doesnt want to bring that up
vulgar	drive you nigger
vulgar	speaking about me all the time tryna make me look bad like you wasn't just eating my pussy .
vulgar	you guys are pussies
vulgar	thats life hoes gonna be hoes an you could blame Tammy
clean	birds of a feather..
vulgar	I'll show you how much of a fag I am
clean	an coaches dont put them in positions to be successful, the offensive struggles can all be put on gardner, program is trash
clean	wow. Thats great language coming from a HS coach, you sure are a role model, you're trash, just like your account
clean	lookin good mick!
clean	they need to stop picking up UFCs trash though and build up there own fighters more.
vulgar	they say I got too many bitch ... I swear I ain't got the right ones
vulgar	try this one Mikey, none of that hick shit...
vulgar	That talentless skag IS a wardrobe malfunction.
vulgar	bitch u lying about Justin's account ugly indian
clean	I really did, right off my bed. Where you put all these dam yellow starburst!!!! *throws them out the window*
vulgar	you still are a cunt
clean	The person actually holding the ape is NOT Paris. It's her sister
vulgar	never said I wanted to fuck a tranny...
clean	tranny
vulgar	nigga chill throw me in the jungle watch me come out with a gorilla monkey cheetah coat
vulgar	I am that queer gnarles Charles and no it wasn't me
vulgar	sup pussy;)
vulgar	that's a bitch. I have no desire to see that much bullshit hahahaha
vulgar	that mindless twat is shitting on hiphop hahahaha
vulgar	juss the way she stands screams bitch! Lmao
vulgar	It's dumb cunts like you that make me sad to have served in a war so you wouldn't have to.
clean	All the helmets in Destiny are trash. I wish I could just rock an invisible bubble instead. Hunters look like Robocop.
vulgar	oh so basically we both will be your bitch all day? Mhmmm of course..............
vulgar	love you too bitch :*
vulgar	all this spaceship shit is retarded.
vulgar	LOL such a nig
vulgar	lol profane words, bwahahahahahah mad gay faggot fuck boi. Get at me bitch ass nigga.
vulgar	y u arguing with that ugly bitch on twitter
vulgar	hell yea,I'm surrounded by hillbillys an real ass rednecks
clean	Nee dat is na langdurig gepest worden.Zoals ik al zei:in d kiem smoren.Is ook vb voor t kind hoe je moet optreden
clean	#pumprules is on bravo...quality trash
clean	What's with that come-at-me-bro bird? Stressful.
vulgar	back Atcha bitch!
vulgar	ya know gamoot, i considered it, but then I was like wait. I'm no little baby back bitch
vulgar	fake bitches.... #nicetry
vulgar	I apologize Morgan, but a bitch was blind for a whole 35 seconds!!!!
vulgar	you're a bitch
vulgar	naw negro
clean	chik fil a. hipotle is trash and taco bell will give you the runs
vulgar	faggot alert
vulgar	bitch ass scaring me! Lol you don't keep up with the new ones yet?
clean	i dont think he did the celestial dragon killed him
vulgar	im still where that giant muk shit eats that candy with ceasar clown
vulgar	lmao why would we respect him then? he's a hoe if that's true
vulgar	what's the name of that hoe? Lol it sounds good
vulgar	back in high school w/ one. fuck these hoes now nigga lol thats what they for
clean	he will need monkey bars on his tricycle
vulgar	he has one called pussy pop I think it's for cats
vulgar	fuck dyslexia is an bitch
vulgar	karma is a bitch
vulgar	no one cares bitch
vulgar	Jesus walks bitch
vulgar	can I ask my bitch for other bitches
vulgar	I rather go choke on your moms bomb pussy
vulgar	called her a cunt too
vulgar	why would i need to call her and bitch/cunt to your face? Im talking to her not you dumbass
vulgar	I love you and bitches love me.
vulgar	I called you hoe lol
vulgar	ily 2, I'm at work bitch do you even have any battle ready blades?
vulgar	whatever you wall hackin pussy bich I'll fuk u up like I did ur mum, ur sis, ur step sis, ur mums mum, ur mums aunt 420 bich bich
vulgar	hoes these days
vulgar	how dare insult that pearl harbor vet. You are a dumb cunt.
vulgar	lol she's always scheming dude. Jaime needs to keep his hoe on a leash....or I mean his sister lol.
vulgar	don't tell what the fuck to stop with. 2nd, if you think it's protocol to put 6 shots in someone who's unarmed, you're a retard
vulgar	one thing about it baby I will NEVER Call a bitch phone bout a nigga. Ion know what app somebody playing with but it AINT ME
clean	steek d morele vinger maar in j neus, zelfde soort types bij NATO stenigt vrouwen by bosjes
vulgar	I'll continue dis later. I'll be back bitch.
vulgar	Neil, have you heard that scientists have discovered that, in fact, bitches do be trippin?
vulgar	naaaa, just the faggots! So....I guess you wouldn't be around very long....would ya!
vulgar	not home. Headed to work sorry ho
vulgar	lmao if the shoes fit? lace them bitches up. I'm talking in general
vulgar	am I watching football or pussy soccer? Wtf?
clean	thank you jackass zebras
vulgar	come watch Godzilla then faggot
vulgar	sounds about right to many dumb bitches work there welcome to my life
vulgar	bunch of pussies.
vulgar	whatever you fucking pussy
vulgar	now I'm chewy high with a hard ass dick. Ooh there goes my pager could it be a trick bitch?
vulgar	she looks like the pussy lips are huge
vulgar	aka the lonely bitches
vulgar	I got ugly niggah problems. Lol but you got pretty niggah problems. Too bad they the same problem.
vulgar	pussy shit!
vulgar	niggah das gay
vulgar	trippy hoes
vulgar	I'm gonna drink monster til I sue we gettin the bitch #GottaGetThe30
vulgar	lmaoo one nigga had that 2nd pic as Looove that pussy from Popeyes! lmaoo that shit killed me
vulgar	also you can only refer to a girl as bitch if she has sucked your D #BetDat
vulgar	bitch fuck you your dad.
vulgar	*draws perfect scorpion* *writes name all retarded*
vulgar	lmfao sorry bitch, no one likes you wes
vulgar	You can roll? And what you got to eat? Barter system my nig!
clean	Explains why they're waving trash bags around over their heads.
vulgar	fuck you both bitches.
vulgar	Im not a bully, you half-retarded talking flotation device! I assure you, Im no bully.
clean	seems if they dont come up with it, its trash, nobody outside hollywood knows what ppl will pay to see..ha! Guess those in hw dont
vulgar	i have that bitch bloked lmao
vulgar	check yer phone nigger
clean	I don't like it peaceful that's boring I like fighting I come from the ghetto do u remember that it's p impossible for me not to
vulgar	where you been at nigglet? I ain't seen you in a while.
clean	Everybody, look at this bird-killing wind mill lover. ;-)
vulgar	You gotta respect a bitch before she let's you put your entire arm in her vagina.
vulgar	I love laying in bed by myself because I have a twin size bed and bitches be takin up 3/4 and I ain't havin that
vulgar	bitches be crazy.
vulgar	lmao! whore my life on a bad day is better than any good day that you've ever had. fuck a day bitch haha
vulgar	Congratulations brother! We in that hoe!
vulgar	You're trash.
clean	if you're making 300 clams for betting 5, i hope you do it for a living
clean	lmao yes I kind of like it it's not that ghetto yet they are and then he says u feel me
vulgar	fugly white bitch
clean	lived there and can attest to that. Trust them over any muzzie nation by a million light years
clean	Are we doing Mad Libs now? Cool. Uh... Twinkie 35 long, DJ Pon3 cameo, Magic, Crystal Tree. #TNGSeason4Finale
vulgar	Bye bitch byeeeee!
clean	trash?
vulgar	hoe stfu
vulgar	What the fuck is wrong with you. You can't call urself a man if u call a girl a bitch. Ur a fuckin loser bro
vulgar	stfu bitch
vulgar	He called a nigger
vulgar	this hoe got some issues!
vulgar	Oh totes girl. I'm also blasting Mayday and wearing an oversized hoodie. Get at me queer
vulgar	I'm trying to catch diabetes so I'm fuckin a white bitch
clean	red and yellow it should be then
clean	Like...Charlie Chan-style? (Never saw that, either.) Hmm...makes me think of the Cockneys in the Killzone series.
vulgar	that hoe over there
clean	Remember Dad running a rotary hoe over corn after a freeze to knock the dead leaves off after they turn brown
clean	because their parental unit is trash.
clean	there's always one...they never realize they are the worst- the unsolicited unaffiliated trash talker
vulgar	bitch got arms like piccolo
vulgar	Is dem? I wants to has my weenis swingin but da twitter say day shut my colored ass down
vulgar	what's next? fingers in dykes?
clean	yeah, but Sting was already a proven draw. this is apples and oranges. he signs people with the sole purpose of burying them.
vulgar	ell naw dogs run this bitch
clean	that funky monkey
clean	How day feel bout colored folk?
vulgar	stop being a bitch and speaking on my name little girl , thank you.
vulgar	you don't know me but I got a whole video of you sucking the life out of my pussy bye stranger
vulgar	I got weed. Come over faggot
vulgar	You two need to stop acting like two little bitches.
vulgar	his hillbilly ass would shoot ya piers put ya right next to the buck hangin on his redneck ass wall
vulgar	house keeps passing CR's senate says no because harry ried is obamas bitch.. not his states who does the senators represent?
vulgar	shut up with your arsenal already, you bitch!
vulgar	LJ hoes!!
vulgar	fuck y'all if you doubt me, I'm a piece of white trash I say it proudly
vulgar	that's a good choice, except all the whale bitches you'd fuck would get pregnant
vulgar	And you a funny ofay! My mammy woulda been happy I made friends wit da folk dat brought us to da new world in chains
vulgar	But then you have no idea what people's actually personalities are like maybe Pamaj has always been a cunt hahaha
vulgar	he was no more a cunt with a shitty attitude than Apex or Pamaj or Banks.
clean	Whoa easy Amy, don't slag the Canucks too much with such a generalization
vulgar	puss or pussy?
vulgar	If you don't vote you don't have a right to complain. That being said, I didn't vote for the son of a bitch
vulgar	Yeah, I'd want to shoot the son of a bitch myself. LOL
vulgar	pussy
clean	Aren't they the best? There story is here: Now it's time to visit our yellow friends at !
vulgar	And you thought a camera would steal your soul. Shut the fuck up, you stupid twat.
vulgar	i was raised the person that uses a gun and cant take an ass whipping is a pussy
vulgar	yeah I tend you grab ass and smack bitches in the morning . I don't think you can hang lol
vulgar	she's a dyke
vulgar	bitch was at a gas station puffin. I swear that's so trashy... Her nigga should put her in check..
clean	, i'm viswa moulie. I wanna be ur friend.. Please, shall i ?
vulgar	bitch yu nt gone mention me back
vulgar	I'm outside where you at?!?! And I'm the pussy
vulgar	u good man long time my niggah
vulgar	bitch
vulgar	fuck you bitch
vulgar	hey I guess yall forgot im in this bitch too lol
vulgar	whoooo?? Lemme find out a bitch run u haha
vulgar	I don't see tears bitch
vulgar	cry bitch
vulgar	if you hate men so much why you trying to look like one? Stupid little cunt
vulgar	yeah it was such a lie, thats why you deleted it nigger.
vulgar	I would reply with the red emoji but I'm not a nigger
clean	Yes. And the . And stalking weird people. SO MANY THINGS. #pr20chat
clean	btw, genocide isn't war. The people of Gaza are no more combatants than the people of the Warsaw ghetto.
vulgar	like I got time to be wasting on some bitch who broke up with me
vulgar	the bitch ass nigga I just called a bitch
vulgar	drink pussy juice nigga
vulgar	6-1 bitch dont hate
vulgar	. Right these hoes on my dick about u dats how
vulgar	That's how rednecks eRecycle.
vulgar	holy fuck, frozen pussy! you are crazy!
clean	unexplainable!
clean	hey Rachel G my name isint Kenneth ok let's just get that straight you best be backing off before I go ghetto
vulgar	grow a pair pussy
vulgar	talkin bout the retard your sittin on
vulgar	old cunt needs to die
vulgar	to HELL with the plasticassed bitch!!
vulgar	them hoes ain't thick at all u clowning
clean	dubya hates todays teabagger movement.
vulgar	OK Now you're talking my language, none of this pussy-whipped RINO whining
clean	once it gets cold yall gonna be trash again lol
clean	I'll see you guys later. I gotta go bake my blood crackers.
vulgar	@ me hoe
vulgar	text me queer bait
clean	I was impressed that anybody could chug a Smirnoff Ice that quickly.
vulgar	that's Kevin with the hoes
clean	of course! Win or lose you always had the most exciting matches. Spilt blood and all and you aren't a trash talker!
clean	when Hollywood Underwood took his shirt off and started screaming in the dark hah like a horror movie with the nips!
vulgar	you a broke bitch too.
vulgar	call him a pussy as he should!
vulgar	wtf mine was just a fried Twinkie w powdered sugar I got hoed
vulgar	bitch I might be **~aesthetic~**
vulgar	lol, We gotta let these hoes know. *pow pow* this aint what they want.
vulgar	he's a better trainer, Jillian really acts like a bitch sometimes!
vulgar	lls omg omg me too getting harrassed by my bby father smh on ig tlk bout hw mch he miss me bitch please
vulgar	and dis wus after i offered to help faggot ass nigga get custody of his kids.... Im lowkey heated..
vulgar	man fck dat tranny.... Juwanna man ass nigga....
vulgar	lol yeah birds be chirping outside. Bastards.
vulgar	- I poked this little pussy with a stick, and he curled up into a little ball like a pill bug.
vulgar	sounds like a bad bitch.
vulgar	but when its the same method other colonial states employed france england... They dont get to bitch when its their playbook
clean	go the gulls. First grade should be a cracker. Physical!
vulgar	dumb hoe
vulgar	my bitch do all that and still go out
clean	right, so the link would be your trash bin gotcha
vulgar	yeah she didnt wana bring that pussy to us or tell us where he was so we could just go find one Mexican in this city full
vulgar	adawg getcho ghetto booty up
vulgar	nigglet send me the pictures
vulgar	I got your moms ass on my breath pussy ;)
vulgar	little bitch
vulgar	ohhhhh you bitch
vulgar	bitch please
vulgar	why you gotta hoe me like that
clean	yeah,but the cripple not getting up clean helped the call out...wouldn't have been fair either way
vulgar	I should've that bitches wallet was tigher than her pu$$y
vulgar	That bastard Obama is giving them to the f-ing wetbacks.
vulgar	that's enough of making fun of retarded people talking that way
vulgar	you see me texting you bitch
vulgar	Lets hangout Monday nigs?
vulgar	bitch! Why can't I retweet your shit?! Lol love you! Hope you're having a great bday! (:
vulgar	you're wearing my sweatshirt in your snapchat story hoe! Love you tho lol
vulgar	I was hoping you went with the Mr. Chow part on hangover 2. But did you die? Dumb bitch ass sloot!!
vulgar	stfu prude ass basic ass bitch
vulgar	I'm just kidding, I'm not a fucking faggot
vulgar	wtf that bitch was driving around drunk
vulgar	pussies! #StB
vulgar	oh yeah and fuck the Lakers too, bitch boi!
vulgar	hey bitch boy #nigorprobz
vulgar	What a #narcissistic cunt he is.
clean	yellow
vulgar	no in the instrumental I'm not retarded -_-
clean	so how bout now was just trash huh.
vulgar	I love you too pussy.... Lmaooo
vulgar	promotion that's hoe ya do it
vulgar	okay love you bitch
vulgar	Why would i pay sex ,when i can getfree pussy that makes no sence at all
clean	guys number 42 on the Yankees looks like uncle Stevie LMAO IM DYING
vulgar	I'll actually kill that bitch
vulgar	brandy wanna b down ass bitches
vulgar	I'm a vet Ryan. TK rocks! You're just a useless geek. Oh, and you have a face like a bitch.
clean	like we all never gave the camera the bird.
vulgar	Lol shut up bitch..im alive! i just been going through it...but im good now
vulgar	tag me pussy ill fite u
vulgar	u calling me a pussy but your the one talking shit and making excuses after getting your ass beat stfu with the talking
vulgar	whats good then bitch Ass nigga catch your phase
vulgar	that nigga Vic acting like he yellow bone with 15k followers and can't answer a nigga phone
vulgar	some fucking bitches
vulgar	it's parseltounge, not basilisk you fucking pussy. Get it right.
clean	chug ranch
vulgar	lol Avila... It's simple, but I live in a pretty redneck area.. So it never gets pronounced correctly
clean	hey it's hillbilly jim and Greg the hammer valentine #pffttt
clean	that's bc I deleted visionary once I saw your subtweet. next time just @ me tho. (and I do love jail bird dresses.)
vulgar	what a ratchet ass bitch bet she felt dumb
vulgar	bitch you already know I would go crazy with out you
vulgar	hahahah he's a stupid ass bitch
vulgar	She made fun of a suicide attempt. Mellie ain't that bitch to fuck with this season!
vulgar	bamoose the prophet was right thy hoes ain't loyal
vulgar	niggers fell off
vulgar	she's a dyke looks like she's 12
vulgar	just be like me make bitches move
clean	negative slopes aka a chart of my grades in math
vulgar	bitch I texted you
vulgar	bitch what. meet up at Plano senior high school or vines I got some shit on my chest am going take it out on yall
vulgar	y'all some pussy ass niggas
vulgar	bitch am speaking fucking English u fucking pecker wood
vulgar	bitch that doesn't even make any sense bitch.
vulgar	bitch fuck that blog where u be at meet up and get your round
vulgar	nigga stfu u not funny we all laughing at yo retarded ass just stfu
vulgar	bitch what but I pull more hoes the u dream of
vulgar	how could I be a fag? But I like bitches please tell me
vulgar	yo bitch talk about lamp u not on my level do u even know fussy look like stop looking porn kid
vulgar	read the constitution you love. All spending starts in the House. Love uninformed teabaggers. #morningjoe
clean	oh I'll make you some brownies alright;)))
vulgar	no bitch
vulgar	bitch you look like a deformed version of rocky
clean	That wasn't as bad, though drawing conclusions about WHITE AMERICA based on a 1,000 person poll is a slippery slope.
vulgar	you still needs to give it to me bitch , I'm on YouTube and rhapsody with it ya cock
vulgar	bitch i taught you i know my mess ups
vulgar	yea cause I showed ya bitch ass
clean	Yeah, she's a real pom maven.
clean	yall defense too trash for that
vulgar	oh now your bitch ass wants to reply back after 3 days bitch bye
clean	Cactus is a yellow lab chow mix too! Hershey was everybody's active buddy. Cactus is one special pup. She's an Angel.
clean	the jets are trash my bad i see what you meant
clean	the song? About pollo hermanos and Heisenberg?
vulgar	Agronomist once told me beans are a bitch-they do whatever they want
vulgar	Wussup bitch
vulgar	wuss up bitch
clean	I assume so, the tranny went out this morning. I have a maxima.
clean	great reply except it was trash
vulgar	98 civic lx stick green with shitty paint on some beaner ass wheels with 180k miles no AC and no insurance how's that?
vulgar	well I don't use it anymore and I'd like a dslr I'm just a broke bitch so yeah
vulgar	they trash though?
clean	he won't bite! We promise he's a friendly bird :)
vulgar	I save my best material for WMHS games, ya know.. Jus rain down hell upon any bitches that get in your way today
vulgar	fat hoes need a treadmill??? Lol hmu! Therealwesjames.com
vulgar	long tittied no nipple having bitch!
vulgar	the ending was retarded
vulgar	all I wear is vineyard vines and American flag chubbies. I'm the OPPOSITE of a wigga.
vulgar	bro I swear to god I was just bout to txt you Dex about these hoes
vulgar	nigga don't be telling my business on this hoe lol
vulgar	Like ion care how that bitch susie from work broke up with her man and she was tellin me the whole story blah blah blah
vulgar	lol I talked to a lady who said having a clean shaven vagina at a Doc visit comes off as hoe-ish! She was old
vulgar	try me bitch boy
vulgar	haha yeah it's just gonna be a bitch going btw there and Illinois on leave mannn. I'm stoked they are tho
vulgar	shut ur faggot ass up you thirsty pussy
vulgar	Either trolling or retarded.
clean	You speak colored too? I thinks I be in love
vulgar	Lamashtu has some great orgies but is a total bitch. lol : P
clean	keep in shape for the ski slopes
clean	cheers dude might nip to town for #TheEditors #Vinyl ;-) #MusicMatters
clean	That's where birds came from.
clean	Fingers crossed for you. If not? Chug chug chug lol
vulgar	i bet you are, faggot.
vulgar	shut up faggot
vulgar	right because as far as im concerned I ain't no bitch tf.
vulgar	YOOOOOOOOOOOOOO LMFAOOOOOOOO im schlumped !!!!!! I love my bitches #squaaaaad
clean	you a Oreo cookie now.
clean	Don't get me wrong G.. I'd hunt birds but that's a lot of work .. well I just ain't that hungry
clean	I don't hunt birds unless you count shooting dove out of season off my power line with a bb gun
clean	Like I said.. I might have to check but I'm just not sure bird shot counts as getting shot.
vulgar	these hoes gay thats why
clean	I forgot you're the same bull that said Yeezus was good and that J.Cole is trash
vulgar	it's not colored in... dumb dick
vulgar	Equality niggah
vulgar	bitches are gonna make it rain on me
vulgar	you sub tweeting me nig?
vulgar	cause you got you wife on the left an bitches on the right nigga man logic #puss
vulgar	Even that bitch has to admit something isn't right with our #SoCalledLeader.
vulgar	I guess you used to getting bitch cause idk anybody that Juss let ppl disrespect them n just sit there. Thts how all this
clean	You guys don't get evolution do you? You only share a common ancestor with apes.
vulgar	Lmao nigga yo avi so trash my phone won't even load that shit
clean	apes
vulgar	Patrick you ain't nottin but a hood Nigga top bitch nigga
vulgar	sweetest bitch you'll ever meet
clean	y'all got the Taxis right now? And can I get the Oreo 5s right now if possible?
vulgar	slay his ass alex, lil bitch needs to tighten the fuck and needs to stop acting like grown
vulgar	wake up you little bitch and follow me
vulgar	that would be a joint then retard
vulgar	Some random ass bitch who showed up and just left an hour later
vulgar	We were supposed to work together today bitch
vulgar	these hoe ass niggas ain't get nobody in free agency.
vulgar	I am funny bitch
clean	bro , i heard slaughter songs .. they all trash .. they just freestylers
vulgar	Greta... You let a fag do this to me I thought we were cool
vulgar	haha not you. Just getting shit from everyone else when my second favorite team is the redlegs.....
clean	time to dump another diet coke in the trash
vulgar	I recall you telling one of the Apollo teachers you hoped her baby came out retarded , and it did ... #AssholeOfTheYear lol
vulgar	I miss you too faggot
vulgar	That's you faggot you eat shit for fun
vulgar	you don't know where I llive you stupid cunt
vulgar	you're failing at that and you don't know where I live faggot
vulgar	Oh, yeah, the HPV shot swells like a bitch. Put some ice on it for a bit if you want, it'll go down eventually.
vulgar	Mmmm sure dont seem like it.. lmfao but yess ill be that bitch:)) now are you done?
vulgar	yeah I'm down I'm starting to promote for belasco Thursday , so u better go bitch
vulgar	So they could complain about racial profiling I'm sure, bloody twats
vulgar	Ur still secretly lookng at Tommy Lee's cock! Jesus Christ 4getaboutit! That's a ghetto dream!
clean	funny, I thought #tbt 90s photo this week would have you hanging me over a trash can by my ankles
vulgar	Thanks Walking Dead Bro Steve For Mend..USMC Come on you son-n-bitches you want to live forever! DoG
vulgar	That cracker as big as he looks on TV?
vulgar	that's what the little egotistical bitch deserves his head is huge for someone who gets KO'd when the wind blows
vulgar	lmao not even bro if a girl a thottie keep it simple call her a hoe
vulgar	hoe ass nigga lmao
vulgar	niqqa that's every white person just because some might seem down to earth don't mean there not gonna use nigger against us
clean	ling ling krunkchip
clean	you make me feel all warm and fuzzy inside #youCANsitwithus
vulgar	#NudesAreMyLife omfg that's mine faggot
vulgar	lol @ you being a cunt
vulgar	haha same here bitch is trippin #brokeass
vulgar	if you want a hoe go on urban chat. That's where all the hoes are. And Mia can get punched in the boob.
vulgar	you didn't even pass ESL yet you bitch lmao
vulgar	I figured I was just shocked out hoe old that tweet was lol
vulgar	and getting pedicures bitching bout their ex and going tanning is something a bitch does
vulgar	Straight AF. Except math is a bitch. Hows the dealership, lol
clean	Lol. Have fun! I haven't been to a race since HS (Charlotte). Crazy redneck times. Lol.
clean	thanks Hun. 3 I'm so crushed. I love working out. It'll be 2months gone by the time I go back. :/
vulgar	main bae gonn think sumn up wit the pussy
clean	okay cool then I'm not the only one mine is black and fuzzy and it has PINK on the back in all sparkles hallelujah
vulgar	you's a nasty lil bitch
vulgar	i tell it how it is if yu ain uh bitch or uh hoe i call yu by yo name
vulgar	ya dude get the pussies drunk!
vulgar	bitch go play dead
vulgar	my real lil bro even tho cuh a bitch lmao
vulgar	slid bitch
vulgar	wyo bitch
vulgar	you're are only a hoe when you fuck him and think you're pregnant ... Not when you party together
clean	. Find one where be beat Nathan Moons head into the ice too. Ol Andrew is straight trash as far as hockey.
vulgar	pussy heels!! Haha
vulgar	onlife yal niggas funny man lol Lonnie was suppose to get out of that bitch after he was up a band smh
vulgar	what she means is shes a fat bitch
vulgar	those hoes aint loyal
vulgar	follow the system and you'll practically be swimming in pussy
vulgar	you're just a pussy.
vulgar	Hey it works. Most people hate me for it but as long as I'm still happy they can bitch all they want
vulgar	a beam of light descended from the heavens a loud voice said fuck her right in the pussy many lives were changed that day
vulgar	if you ain't with someone you can still sleep around be a hoe and not the cheatin
clean	must have run out of brownies
vulgar	we should change that to bitch about everything. For example my girlfriend don't like the crew I hang with she BAE
vulgar	it's yo fault taking a nig out everyday
clean	practically anything thats colored red often contain red pigments extracted from the female coccus costa, or cochineal insect.
vulgar	just like a Velcro headed moon cricket to say fucking jungle bunny
clean	night jigaboo
clean	Great GIF. Got a source URL for ?
vulgar	put your tits away you ginger. Arnt u like 7? Isn't it past you bed time? Fuck off bitch.
vulgar	So six martinis before passing out on the couch after watching Euro-trash into the wee hours. Got it.
vulgar	superman dat hoe no watch me uuuuuuuuuu
clean	.....I think its about #Whites trying to be the most #Blackish ......what we in Socal call wiggers. #liberals #democrats
vulgar	bitch please I'm a stud
vulgar	I didn't tag you negro lol
vulgar	starve, bitch
vulgar	Got me blushin like Drake bitch az. Lol
vulgar	s/o the fat bitches who ride dick with a t-shirt on
vulgar	I'd give that hoe the finger everyday at work until I get fired for it.
clean	you watching this trash?
clean	the redskins are doing pretty good this year
clean	trash of the cowboys beat the redskins twice last year
vulgar	no you threatened us bitch?! Don't try to make it what it's not
clean	nah, they let French Montana spit trash at will
vulgar	porn stars are 100% acceptable bro. Im was talking about these air mattress hoes....lol
vulgar	yes!!! I love the hair on her pussy...lol
vulgar	At least 3. Late tho. Cuz adrenaline and emotion gonna carry them bitches until halftime.
vulgar	best O-Lineman is a rookie. It's him and a bunch of retards I wouldn't trust with a potato gun.
vulgar	zactly. After Joique pounds that bitch, bring in reggie for the GAPING holes that will inevitably appear.
clean	I'm gonna nip you right in the bud!
vulgar	We just gotta have a red headed Afrotino-Asian albino autistic Branch Davidian hermaphrodite on the Avengers!
vulgar	Brah *falls out* white bitches crazy
vulgar	He actually good lol don't hoe him. But I mean that's some road to glory shit Go to Northern Illinois* *Undefeated Heisman*
vulgar	yeah lil nigga I was homecoming king and still been getting bad bitches as u see
clean	I'm off whenever I feel like it. I'm off til Monday. And you put in your two weeks flip them the bird mannn
vulgar	ain't like I have anything to do bitch boy lol.
clean	texans d/st won't play the redskins again this year...
clean	*too pretty...not *to pretty. Jeezus...my redneck education is showing.
clean	yea ho
vulgar	HAHAHAHAHAHAH hook nose faggot, can't get pussy sucks at hockey #nhl
vulgar	cuz ur a sellout bitch fag
vulgar	. Sometimes a good hoe fire needs some Rocephin too before it'll go out.....
vulgar	Y'all ain't gots no colored folk on da show. I tinks dats be racist and shit #TheToddShow
vulgar	very wrong lmao this bitch literally tried to swallow someone in this movie
vulgar	sexy bitch
vulgar	oh yea I forgot u decided to have math a hoe instead of football! My bad!
vulgar	yo ugly ass 4 eyes havin ass bitch
vulgar	I'm not gone see your baby monkey lil ass anyway funky ass
vulgar	that bitch gonna get a rug burn
vulgar	you just started a whole other situation you dumb asa cunt
vulgar	you're such a darkie.
vulgar	He gotta be colored
clean	just because some moist bint lobbed a sword at you, you think you're some la-de-da king?
vulgar	Hell - was lucky to have gravel - dirt roads were a bitch
clean	This, this, this. Pack it up and head to NYC, please. Enjoy being called a hick for a few years, come home humbled. #plans
vulgar	pussy
clean	woahh!! Ahha I remember her from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory! Who do you think killed Lucy? I think it was Abby
clean	There is a special time and place for decaf coffee: never and in the trash. My family's motto about their java habits.
vulgar	hell yea went from I love you to fuck you and that basic bitch
clean	wha? me? i'm just waiting for showtime to bring back queer as folk.
vulgar	nigga what u talkn bout?? Tell them hoes get on they DJ UNK shit if they ain't sucking, walk it out
clean	I know how you feel....I never thought I'd see the Sox win in my lifetime. Hope you can use Ant's Yankees hook up to see a game
clean	early bird gets the worm tomcat
vulgar	your still a little pussy tomcat
vulgar	had me so high off the monkey nutts yesterday nbs
vulgar	lil b already to puff for the hoes
vulgar	dude your fucking gay you made a twitter just to mock me fucking lowlife
vulgar	it's fucking real retard holy fuck can you not read my tweets fucktard?
vulgar	I don't look like white trash. I'm not pregnant and 17 gtfo. I have hella gas so say something.
vulgar	uh I think his mom loves him you fucking retard. I'm sure your gunna be so successful emilie. We all believe
vulgar	stfu you stupid bitch? Like leave us alone? No one gives a fuck about you. Bruh just block her. We're good.
vulgar	I have something that you don't bitch. Always remember that.
vulgar	okay bitch. Tomorrow in the principals office. Be there.
vulgar	you know. pens for school? to cut all them bitches
clean	Intended to get pics but didn't have time.. Must be a mud race/event here this weekend.. Is like a redneck convoy out there
vulgar	yall trash but cold
clean	trash what?
vulgar	it was the address to her Job... So the jokes on you bitch! Ha!
vulgar	No matter how much you bitch and complain... America is in better shape to how Obama found it PERIOD
clean	Sorry I missed that, you mean where I live is disgusting or that that muzzies in the UK r disgusting, or both? Have a great Sun.
vulgar	lol you can only get in at Eden when you're 18. All the bitches there are fat...
vulgar	bitch smd
vulgar	hey bitch imy
vulgar	I swear I can't do shit right now but I'm down to get into something tonight if u are nig
vulgar	well I already got some lol but I'm bout to hop in the shower and eat something real quick then I'll be on my way nig
clean	clam it
clean	Saw that there's a 15 slope to the wire? That enough for a zip-line? #businessopportunity
vulgar	if somehow u didn't already go I'm down nig
vulgar	oh, see cher? see what your particular brand vitriol creates? A boy who thinks it's ok to call a woman a cunt. #libtard
vulgar	have fun losing tonight bitch
vulgar	your talking to every hick in San Antonio I ride with a big 45 in the console
clean	As in, throw birds with long pointy beaks at you?
clean	CH3BURASHKA sure gets to be a nit-picky Russian monkey/bear thing sometimes, doesn't he?
clean	I'm just saying, it's not like you were up against a bird-eating spider or something. Bet coulda done it
vulgar	nah gurl this pussy private
clean	ima fill ur clam out
vulgar	he's just a cunt and nobody likes him. He should choke on shit
vulgar	bitch. Again?
clean	Just learn d dance nuh cuz u know after carnival we like to pick up months old yardie ting LOL
vulgar	shutup thirsty hoe
vulgar	nah lemme chill i love the bitches
vulgar	let's go see the wolverine hoe
clean	nigor??
vulgar	of course bitch. I kinda wanna attempt to play madden tho
vulgar	not in Florida retard
vulgar	every1 is so over the bigass bitches!!
vulgar	that old cunt needs to sit down
vulgar	Fuck her right in the pussy
vulgar	nigger
clean	uhh messi trash . and im flattered but what was the games scorre
vulgar	bitch wea ur clothes
vulgar	k, niggah do u evem shmoke
vulgar	thats right niggah Netherlands!!!
vulgar	viva Brazil niggah lol
clean	honestly the performers on there red carpet were trash hahahaahahahaha
vulgar	dam this hoes should be working at Microsoft
clean	this is my female grand champion Jesse. She heard a bird outside.
vulgar	this bitch........
clean	aye, I respect ya hustle and all but dont tweet me anymore trash ass videos...thank u kindly
vulgar	playoffs bitch
vulgar	I don't care what they is they can catch them hoes
vulgar	hes a lyin ass bitch lmao
vulgar	oh my gosh why are so so cute?! FA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA bitch
vulgar	at least I have a boyfriend dumb bitch
vulgar	that's all the action you'll probably get bitch
vulgar	good bitch choke
vulgar	umm how about they are at home raising kids? You are retarded.
vulgar	alot of these bitches themselves aint shit either....birds of a feather flock together
vulgar	bruh we was my fam, nd yeah pussy niggas get no respect.
clean	how is it being colored blind?
clean	The people who work at those companies tend to be trash.
vulgar	like I said drose needs to stop being a pussy lol
clean	no, i do not wish to spend $40+ to go to a filthy theatre and watch a fuzzy screen with bad sound. #ANNABELLE
vulgar	Yeah I'm trying to. Ain't recorded in about a month. Been spiraling downward Mayne. An empty son of a bitch folk
vulgar	I wanted to see that but I like trash sometimes lol
vulgar	I still think he is a pussy haha
vulgar	bird shit aint no joke
vulgar	old raglyscrag. me and that bitch been places.
vulgar	at least it's not antville, because thats for cunts.
vulgar	we've used the word cunt almost 3 times. Its beautiful.
vulgar	stfu you dont get any pussy fuck boy
vulgar	bitch stfu u livin off our tax money too, we pay shit just like u so don't get that white power shit to head
vulgar	mmm where the fuck is that at honkey? U need to wake up and realize its 2013 and get off of the skin
clean	Yankee?
clean	Good read - Why your cat thinks you're a huge, unpredictable ape
vulgar	forget that bitch and come get some of this white chocolate
vulgar	bitch nigga come over here I'm on knodell vandyke n french rd fuck boy den talk dat shit
vulgar	who tf is chrisis jones. A nigga botta get his ass beat clearly bitch nigga u see real niggas conversatin
vulgar	you just a dark ie my nig.. It's ok..
clean	Perfect stock photography for an article about not letting a leprechaun-looking handyman get into your liquor cabinet
vulgar	yeah wtf you aren't a pussy.
vulgar	keep these hoes on yet toes ! Don't tell them nothing
vulgar	thanks bitch
vulgar	yu betta watch cho mouf bout dat one dea hoe
vulgar	nun of ya bidness bitch
vulgar	Shantrell bitch we ainn talkn to you C yo ugly way out
vulgar	Exactly dem gold diggin hoes came out da woods on my ass
vulgar	Heyy hoe
vulgar	bitch i ainn hiden i go str8 to class my teacher lame af
vulgar	bitch i juss askd yu uh question yo ole choppa bullet head ahh
vulgar	dat was befo da fact hoe shut yo ass up
vulgar	dumb ass hoe
vulgar	hoe yu came at me first tf
clean	it didnt open das y i asked cus i thought yu ate wat i had Pork chops yellow rice n beans
vulgar	lol Duhh but ima get my neck tomorrow so dont be mad hoe
vulgar	yeah right hoe
vulgar	gabby called her yesterday and we call her a bitch and then cried.
vulgar	dat shit crazy a nicca use to wear dat shit fr
vulgar	already kno nicca
vulgar	lol da nicca was str8 n Friday wit out it but dude str8 Uncle Tom nicca now
vulgar	lol la bitch happy bout Beatin our bench players
vulgar	lol mane shut dat bitch shit up youn fucc wit me
vulgar	start telling all bitches how to live their lives. Can we get advice from gwenyth?
vulgar	you look like a bitch nigga to me
vulgar	text me, my phone being a cunt whore.
vulgar	11k now shut up hoe
vulgar	I bet I fuck yo bitch tho
vulgar	I'm not goin oml I'm finna drop this bitch
vulgar	bitch give me my lighter or get shot
vulgar	eat pickles hoe
vulgar	follow back bitch
vulgar	follow me back hoe
vulgar	hell naw bitch no help!
vulgar	these bitch been sayin they was leaving since 3
vulgar	ew pussy buy a fucking xbone , u got dat Puppy muny
vulgar	bitch I asked you a question
vulgar	they act like they earned the subs curse has haha bitch you wasn't in #Disfigure
vulgar	boa I'm trying see if that bitch was going or not . Me Vick stay agru about he don't get hoes
vulgar	it makes you a nigger fucking a goat.
vulgar	lmao bitch know we stand there EVERYDAY
vulgar	bitch don't retweet my question. Psh!! Nasty ass ho.
vulgar	is that I'm a twat or I'm Twat, like formally?
vulgar	uh you're trash.
clean	just watched your video good stuff thought I'd let you in on the new boss boon says old character but will be surprise. It's Argus
vulgar	- bitch I'm up for sale every weekend
vulgar	omg her nips
vulgar	I was taking a picture and that bitch scared me lmao
vulgar	bitch shut up men are talking an
vulgar	unpredictable is an excuse for retarded
vulgar	haha yuhhh did I hit that hoe or what
clean	No not at all. It's a slippery slope. Just don't want to lose my right to self defense. 1st its background checks then?
clean	blaxican
vulgar	me n glo boy will get young chop in that bitch too
vulgar	you pissing in my trash can again?
vulgar	im not a nigglet
vulgar	Because either way that makes you a bitch.
vulgar	trash
vulgar	because hoes disguise themselves as real women
vulgar	LMFAO thats dead them hoes gotta pay
clean	mock draft?
vulgar	-the base) and would mean it would hurt like a bitch to have one broken off.
vulgar	shit is trash
vulgar	that bitch needs a tittielift
vulgar	plot twist: you have no penis. Penny would make that bitch like a balloon. Balloons and bitches can all float
vulgar	I didn't know that was a fad sounds fucking retarded haha
clean	wagon burner! Jk jk you did look pretty Latino here
vulgar	*mormon hoes ;)
vulgar	but but but you said vibe. Which means I have to say bitch, don't kill my vibe.
vulgar	hahaha it makes sense hoe ;p
vulgar	lets hang fag
clean	better off banning teabaggers and their anti American supporters
vulgar	name that hoe (I'm 61) on my license tho
vulgar	no clue but these bad hoes ain't really bad
vulgar	these hoes don't want no help but they want all the help
vulgar	raspy ass voice annoying bitch???
vulgar	nah Bama fans ain't finna have a nigger running the offense.
clean	ghetto gold needa be the first music vid!
vulgar	nigger mad
vulgar	bruh why it look like a niggah dick slapped the baby
clean	like I really want a rafter monkey
vulgar	are you for real right now!! this kid haha where you at pussy
vulgar	I know, bitches. Let's do something this weekend. Let's bake!
vulgar	It's not till later hoe! Unless your having a sleepover...#Awk
vulgar	message me hoe! I need to plan stuff.
vulgar	shut up bitch it looks smooth like a booty
vulgar	it doesnt matter if it was a joke, the fact still remains that hes a faggot for pretending to be a girl
vulgar	bitch I didn't even know you, I was only fucking with real niggas and damn sure wasn't one of them
vulgar	bitch fight me so I can make you shut up am going to back my shit up
vulgar	bitch stfu and get off my page
vulgar	does smdh stand for suck my dick, hoe?
vulgar	Little sissy bitch
vulgar	profeten voor m?Niemand weet exacte leeftijden maar v Aicha opeens wel.Again zelfs mn ma weet niet hoe oud z is
vulgar	I like how his tattoo on his head forms a mullet. White trash people can be so entertaining sometimes
clean	I love WHITE NOISE and love Delillo. Ive resisted reading HOUSE OF LEAVES for years. It mocks me on my shelf.
vulgar	pussy!!!!!
vulgar	bro once I'm there next year I'll make you look like straight trash so enjoy it the little time you have left
vulgar	dyke ron
vulgar	you're frumpy bitch
vulgar	go fuck your self pussy
clean	lucky monkey
vulgar	bitch boys
vulgar	A .4? Jesus take me now bitch you go for a .4 and mc Donald's. Fuck out the spot
vulgar	A 50 dollar card make a young nicca go hard .. Throw in a cell phone i can get you left on the yard!
clean	A GWB appointee. There goes the ACTIVIST JUDGES slant. Oh wait? It's already been exposed as completely farcical. A GWB appointee.
clean	A MESSAGE FOR ALL OF HUMANITY ~ Charlie Chaplin
vulgar	A Nigguh spitting dat crack to your bitch
clean	A Yankee win makes any day better.
vulgar	A bad bitch who knows her cars
vulgar	A basic bitch will piss me off every single time.
vulgar	A bf and gf are suppose to laugh at these hoes together. A guy should never have these hoes laughing at his girl
vulgar	A big ass wasp was flying round on my bus, my dike bus driver stops the bus, grabs that bitch by the wings, and throws it out the window
clean	A bird just flew into my window?????? I hope he's okay
vulgar	A bird just smacked right into my car window. My parked car window scared the fuck outta me
vulgar	A bitch can't resist a nugga with a fresh cut shit I can hardly resist myself when j get one
vulgar	A bitch could never come out of her mouth and speak on shit that she has no idea what she's talking about.
vulgar	A bitch like you need to get fucked right every night
vulgar	A bitch wanna get slick
vulgar	A bitch who can't keep a man Which one of you air headed bitches made this?
vulgar	A bitch who can't ride dick is useless
vulgar	A bitch will be quick to get mad if they have to write and essay, but go post 1,000 tweets with ease.
vulgar	A boyfriend who tells hoes and sluts, I have a girlfriend, is a real ass dude.
vulgar	A dick has a sad life: His hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbor's an asshole, his bestfriend's a pussy, his owner beats him.
vulgar	A down bitch for a real nigga
vulgar	A dude with money can only impress a broke bitch.
vulgar	A dyke who wears strap ons can't brag to me that she beats the pussy better than me because her dildo can't cum and make her stop.
vulgar	A fat bitch A strong black woman KimKourtneyKendallKhloe Kylie
vulgar	A fuck ain't shit to these new age hoes
clean	A ghetto girl's best bet is to find work at a call center and try to climb that corporate latter.
vulgar	A girl knows when a niggah just trynna fuck .
vulgar	A girl who getting it in school and work.... I applaud you! Y'all the real bitches! Y'all doing what you do and doing it well!
vulgar	A girlfriend is almost a bill lowkey. So at this point in my life where I should be gettin outta my moms crib, I'll rather just have hoes.
vulgar	A girlfriend would be cool but pussy is all they got nowadays *
vulgar	A guy on True Blood is getting his penis inspected and the doctor told him it look like an eggplant
vulgar	A hoe gon be a hoe, that ain't a hunnid.
vulgar	A hoe gone be a hoe they ain't
vulgar	A hoe gonna be a hoe regardless
vulgar	A hoe nigga will not be tolerated,
clean	A homeless dog living in a trash pile gets rescued, and then does something amazing! Please share. via
vulgar	A hunned hunneds nicca #LetsGetIt
vulgar	A knock on the door. Who could it be at this hour?! I shuffle down the hall. Who is it? I ask. It's a bad bitch and a burrito. The end.
vulgar	A lady approached me asking me if I was religious and when I said no she scolded me on how I'm going to hell. See you there crazy bitch
clean	A light, tender yellow butter cake with a classic boiled icing, traditionally made from burnt sugar
vulgar	A lot of I fucked up call me back this bitch is tripping .. Lol
vulgar	A lot of bitches eat ass nowadays
vulgar	A lot of cool bitches that a nigga went to school with was major hoes ... And they man don't know
vulgar	A lot of dumb bitches out here....
vulgar	A lot of you niggas turned these bitches into sketch ass bitches
vulgar	A lotta niccas all talk I jus let em do it
vulgar	A lotta u niccas ain't who u say u is!
vulgar	A man will cheat on his woman.. Fuck 20 different bitches in 1 year.
vulgar	A miserable bitch is on the docket today. Lois Misery Lerner better get grilled. The ordered harassment was undeniable. #breakherdown #war
clean	A new way to look for aliens: find their trash
vulgar	A nicca ain't do shit all day
vulgar	A nicca ain't perfect but my heart is pure
vulgar	A nicca got some crazy head last night
vulgar	A nicca is hungry ... AS FUCK!!
vulgar	A nicca is hungry as fuk!!
vulgar	A nicca is hungry as hell
vulgar	A nicca need a maid #Str8Up
vulgar	A nicca still tired from last night ... Wtf!!
vulgar	A nigga could tell you he aint fucking with her but really do be , that's why you gotta ask . Most of the time a bitch won't lie about that
vulgar	A nigga will say the worst about a bitch and she'll still feel validated as long as he would fuck her.
clean	A pharaohs nd his angry bird
clean	A random am scroll lands me here... Charlie horses durin sex just simply means you didn't drink enough water that day
vulgar	A real gangster ass nigga know the play, the real gangster ass niggas gets the flyest of the bitches, ask that gangster ass nigga little J
vulgar	A real nigga ain't complete without a real bitch
clean	A shockingly true tale from the Oreo that almost got devoured.
clean	A squad of dyke cholas fear nobody. They worse than the cartel
vulgar	A tall tee n sum slouch shoes on I could've fucc yo bitch
clean	A teen was running around Target in monkey pjs screaming OO OO AH AH the fitting room girls were cackling. Was today designed to annoy me?
vulgar	A week till im out this bitch.. Thank GOD
clean	A white lighter is bad luck, not yellow ur stupid
vulgar	A wise man once said Damn I hate a bitch that like to argue nd shit
clean	A yellow jacket landed on my mouth and stung me while I was cutting grass..safe to say he won
clean	A-Rod said the number #13 he wears on his uniform is for opposing teams to fear him but the fact is A-Rod is a damn cancer to the #Yankees
vulgar	A1 bricks in this bitch we in Gucci house
vulgar	AHHH karmas a bitch
vulgar	ALL HE NEEDS IS A SKIRT!!! Sure looks like a bitch to me.
vulgar	AMERICAN GOVERNMENT PREACHES NO BULLYING Creating a new generation of pussies!
clean	AND #NorthKorea called #Barack a monkey. LOL! ! *If the shoe fits! Cause it sure looks like he married one!
vulgar	ATTENTION! Leggings ain't for everybody. Especially you hippo looking hoes!
clean	ATTN : All Brown University students, the stop and frisk protesters will be systematically dispersed into random U.S. ghettos. Good luck.
vulgar	Abby doesnt understand how beautiful she is, bitch you is straight up trippin. You know guys be droolin boutchu. Dont play. Lmao
vulgar	Abed and I are gonna retire in Florida and get all the bad bitches in the nursing home.
vulgar	Abed looks like he has to take a shit #bro #pic #brolic #boyswhotakepicsinsuits #tie #swag #hoes #on #us
vulgar	About all u can expect from a nicca that can barely talk! Lmao dude can't spell worth shit yo lol
vulgar	About to be 23. Officially an old ass bitch
vulgar	About to go watch dis bitch birth the devil #kinky
vulgar	About to smack some peckerwoods in a Judge pit
clean	Absolutely absurd that they even had to think about that call. #joke #zebras
clean	According to my brothers iPod, its December 1969. If so, I predict that Mickey Mantle of the NY Yankees will announce his retirement March 1
clean	Acid yellow
vulgar	Act like I'm Casper get ghost with a bitch
vulgar	Actual quote from local cop - there are too many pussies in this town.
vulgar	Actually I'm gonna have train her to be a fag. Don't you dare bring a boy into my house you slut.You scissor like a good girl
clean	Adam West? LMAO this is trash b
vulgar	Add my snapchat lil bitch: TreVaughn3
vulgar	Aerin told me to leave them lightskin boys alone. Shit bitch I DID
vulgar	Af nah these hoes stupid
vulgar	After 27 weeks straight of that nigga being you MCM we get it bitch y'all fucking
clean	After Deztinis session we needed this lmao Jk girl good yob lol
vulgar	After I say some shit I just be like wow that was so uncalled for , you're really a bitch attitude on
clean	After Kuroda gave it his all putting up career numbers but getting no run support, the Yankees don't deserve to get into the World Series
vulgar	After a fight in the club in New Orleans them bitches start jumping
clean	After seeing Kansas play Duke a couple weeks ago, I could tell you I'm surprised that Charlie Weis has been let go...but I'm not.
vulgar	After the leg workout I was put through today walking up the stairs is a straight up bitch! #ouch
vulgar	After tonight many more nights to come!! I will show you what a cold hearted bitch can do!!! #donefeedup #solo
vulgar	After watching the desolation of smaug I have come to the conclusion that bilbo made all other hobbits look like bitches in LOTR.
vulgar	After you get good pussy you be feelin like you just found the last dragon ball..
vulgar	Aghh! I took my 15minute break to relax for a bit, not to here this bitch yellcomplain!
vulgar	Ahhh fuck it let's go 405 rows for the hoes
vulgar	Ahhhh but now I'm fuckin all you niqqa's hoes
vulgar	Ahmed's moms bomb pussy
vulgar	Ain't been on this hoe all day
vulgar	Ain't been on this hoe all day haha #FWM
vulgar	Ain't even fuckin wit shady bitches
vulgar	Ain't fuckin wit nomore hoes got who I want
vulgar	Ain't it a bitch when one of the people you get so excited hearing from, sends the shortest most closed-ended thing ever? Ugh let down
vulgar	Ain't like them guys who wine and dine to keep they women.. My bitches only want two things, that's to get high and kick it
vulgar	Ain't me ain't me these pussy ass niggas ain't me !
vulgar	Ain't met a bitch yet that could compete.
vulgar	Ain't no bitch doe
vulgar	Ain't no broke bitches standing next to me
clean	Ain't no love in the ghetto
vulgar	Ain't no pussy better than loyal pussy!
vulgar	Ain't nobody up .. TL slick dead .. Other than the females bashing niccas early dis morning lol
vulgar	Ain't none of these hoes loyal none of em if I cloud show y'all the stuff be coming thru my phone....but that ain't none of y'all business
vulgar	Ain't nothing funnier then watching a woman try to hide her inner hoe know she like to get hit from the back and have a finger...nvm
vulgar	Ain't nothing funnier then watching somebody live a complete different life on the internet I be like who this hoe think she foolin
vulgar	Ain't nothing that good head or pussy that curl yah toes up
vulgar	Ain't nun Ordinary about this bitch
vulgar	Ain't shit pretty but my bitch and my momma anyone can get the drama
vulgar	Ain't that a bitch.
vulgar	Ain't this a bitch
vulgar	Ain't this a bitch--- Clock mistake in Alabama-Arkansas - via Champ Drive
vulgar	Aint #WCW jus bitches i wan fck day?
vulgar	Aint This A Bitch... I just saw my bitch kiss a bitch . You lucky I dont kill yo ass but you can still get pistol whipped - wayne
vulgar	Aint no bitches here... Well, like 3
vulgar	Aint no hoe in blood
vulgar	Aint no hoe worth loosing your wife, aint no beef worth loosing your life!
vulgar	Aint no pussy better then perk pussy
vulgar	Aint this a bitch,! The power out from this shit.
vulgar	Alabama won tho. So roll tide bitch
clean	Alarm set, early bird n all that. Night all xx
vulgar	Alcohol....drunk hoe i miss...
vulgar	Alex Smith saw his career leave with that fumble and reeled that bitch back in with everything he had.
vulgar	Alex Smith such a got damn bitch man
clean	Alex Smith wears red and yellow now so quit being psycho ex boyfriends and get over him. He's in the past
clean	Alexa's phone gave us colors and Julia got yellow I'm dying #racistaf
clean	Alfredo, Linguini, Pasta.... Just fancily prepared trash
vulgar	Alibaba / Jack Ma: Gotta love a guy who beat Meg Whitman's albino ass back to the US. Freakin commie genius.
vulgar	Alice took advantage of me last night...... that bitch won't tonight!!!!!
vulgar	All DESE yung niggaz pussy
vulgar	All I ask for is love n loyalty. . nothing else. No arguing over other bitches/niggas , no he say she say , no social media bs... Just love
clean	All I did was said her weed was trash
clean	All I ever want is for someone to love me as deeply and devotedly as Charlie Kelly loves the waitress.
vulgar	All I got for these hoes is dick, duct tape, and a stapler.
vulgar	All I need is a 100 million dollars Bc I got that bad bitch
vulgar	All I need is one, I don't want the hoes
vulgar	All I want for my birthday is a big booty hoe
vulgar	All I want for my birthday is a big booty hoe.
vulgar	All I want is a 100 million dollars and a bad bitch
vulgar	All I want is a 100 million dollars and no bad bitch. I'm selfish lol
vulgar	All I want is bitches, big booty bitches
clean	All I want is cheesy bread and brownies
vulgar	All I wanted to do was get some hoes too :(
vulgar	All I wanted was 100 million dollars and a bad bitch. But now I want 200 and a mnage in my palace
clean	All I wants is to represent da life o da colored man.
vulgar	All I've asked is for one thing. one thing only . But I get more then what most bitches could ever have... But still.
clean	All Okies are trash.
vulgar	All These hoes sooo average
vulgar	All a nicca need is time .. #BePatient
vulgar	All a nicca want is some Coney Island and Lous Deli tho! #DetroitNiccaInAtlantaProblems
vulgar	All bitches do is graduate, get pregnant n become CNAs
vulgar	All bitches need a bus driver uppercut a Chris brown bitch slap followed by some dancing nd Chad Johnson hea
vulgar	All d messy hoes sleep
clean	All da white folk off twitter yet? Da colored tweet at night while y'all sleep cuz you gotta woyke tomorrow.
vulgar	All deses bitches know that you're my nigga.
vulgar	All deses bitches turnt up I'm fenna turn em down
clean	All good things must come to an end, that's all right get em tomorrow #Yankees
vulgar	All hoe money is gooooooooooood
vulgar	All i kno is make them hoes cone joints
vulgar	All it take is for one bitch to open her mouth and niggas start fuckin up.
vulgar	All my bitches love me, all my all my bitches love me, all my bitches love me. You ain't fuckin with my dougie
clean	All my gold is white not yellow.
vulgar	All my hoes got money she in the mall she ballin bitch buy something for me
vulgar	All my hoes they so rude
vulgar	All my life i been this cold, all my nights been With hoes.
vulgar	All my niggaz better have at least 3 ugly bitches number in their phone this summer.
vulgar	All my old hoes gone love my video
vulgar	All my old hoes wana have my baby
clean	All my so whitey bois gone ride
vulgar	All my white school teachers back in elementary knew not to give me no pussy. I'm telling all of my niggas.
vulgar	All my young boys round me sayin get money and fuck these hoes
vulgar	All my young boys round me saying get money and fuck these hoes
vulgar	All of a sudden craving the hell out of cookies.
vulgar	All of my bitches know they temporary
vulgar	All of my money neat all of my bitches freaky everybody kno it IT AINT A SECRET
vulgar	All people do in my house is bitch
vulgar	All that but the bitch can't take a joke.
vulgar	All that x rays, no wonder the bitch got two heads #AHSFreakShow
vulgar	All the Uchiha are. Sasuke is probably the biggest faggot of all time
vulgar	All the bad bitches are in the gym between 9-1 u know why they ain't got no job
vulgar	All the bad bitches think they ugly and all the roach bitches think they bad-_-
vulgar	All the bitches happy maybe one of his female friends can find him a bitvj
vulgar	All the bitches in Shameless are straight bugoutsss
vulgar	All the coons use the same effect on their pictures
vulgar	All the fine bitches i need yall to hit me up my # 562 922 40 guess the last 2
vulgar	All the hoes I did have now they decided they wanted to be wifey type draya fuck all that up
vulgar	All the hoes know who I rock wit
vulgar	All the hoes on LoveandHipHop going to prom
vulgar	All the pictures of the ex are gone...there's no pictures with the side hoe posted...*slides into his dm's like*
vulgar	All the ratchet hoes on Cecil B
vulgar	All the redskins act like te bitch the bitch
vulgar	All the snacks in this bitch
vulgar	All the time lol Lol ima hoe sometimes
vulgar	All the work gone so we ain't going nothin but fucking bitches in the trap
vulgar	All them hoes crazy Thick thighs, skinny waist, and natural beauty face
vulgar	All these 4/20 tweets are retarded most of these nig nogs haven't even smoke a blnt ever
vulgar	All these Hoes fuckin ! But they don't wanna seem like a hoe you gotta hit them ona D LO !
clean	All these afternoon groups are trash besides the Bubba, Keegs and Furyk group #TheMemorialTournament
vulgar	All these bitches niggas be Trippin offa what type of relationship me duddy got like we not fuccing no more we not dating.
vulgar	All these bitches know that you're my nigga
vulgar	All these bitches love Mosa sippin on the coca
vulgar	All these bitches talk shit that's why bust em in they shit
vulgar	All these bitches wanna be like Kim K and fuck their way into being rich but it don't work like that. Get a degree work a desk job you hoe
vulgar	All these bitches wanna fuck on a thug
vulgar	All these bitches want love from scrappy .
vulgar	All these break ups gon be a crazy hoe free agency this summer #DOYOURGOOGLES
vulgar	All these faggot fell asleep on me
vulgar	All these fuckin dudes do is bitch at the refs....shut the fuck up and play
vulgar	All these hoes fuckin..... Be Careful! Just cos she look good, don't mean she's good for you!
vulgar	All these hoes fucking, but they don't want to seem like a hoe so you gotta hit em on the low.
vulgar	All these hoes say that wanna be cuffed bitch cuff this dick
vulgar	All these hoes trife I can never cuff , I've been hurt before so I can never give a fuck
vulgar	All these hoes want boyfriend's but the last thing I need is more ties
vulgar	All these niggas with these Love Quote Pages are some pussies. Them niggas don't be living what they talking bout
vulgar	All these ratchet bitches killin Gossip Girl
vulgar	All these ratchet hoes be on tha same stuff !
vulgar	All these so called real niggas and they hoes aint nuttin but some massah luvin uncle toms aunt jamammi's fakin da funk.
vulgar	All these touch screen phones and hoe u still got flipped
vulgar	All theses hoes on me , they so phony
clean	All trash Now that's a lot of stolen shoes...
vulgar	All y'all bitches corny lol
vulgar	All yall bitches dress alike wassup wit that ?
vulgar	All yall bitches fake an wanna b's get yall life,
vulgar	All you bitches can keep getting jealous. I loveeee ittttt
vulgar	All you bitches extra easy when yall drunk lol unless ur sober friends there to save youu
vulgar	All you bitches know youre trying to find yourself on the website, who are you kidding lol
vulgar	All you bitches thirsty hella worried about IG
vulgar	All you gotta do is be funny, witty and charming and the bitches will come to you naturally you ain't even gotta do shit but be yourself
vulgar	All you hoes are hoes for tweetin about ya panties bein wet
vulgar	All you hoes middle name isn't Nicole The jig is up..
vulgar	All you ladies pop your pussy like this
vulgar	All you ofay got left is da Oscars. Better Enjoy dat before us colored folk get dat too!
vulgar	All you pussies is losers, all my niggas is winnin
vulgar	All you see is straight pussy in my iPhone!
vulgar	All your selfies are booty pics... Cause bitch you always look like ass
vulgar	Allergies ain't bothered me all summer now all of a sudden in the middle of august shit is startin to get real. Ain't that about a bitch
vulgar	Allergies have my eyes all red and chink eyed, I look like I'm stoned
vulgar	Almost cussed dis bitch out at mcdonalds talmbout da register down so dey can't serve us..umm bitch give us da food fa free den
vulgar	Almost done with this bitch ass room ....
vulgar	Almost everyone I met in #Paris was absolute trash. And if they support a republican government, I hope they fucking die.
vulgar	Almost forgot 40,000 tweets still no bitches
vulgar	Almost got in a fight with a southwest faggot at the carnival lol
clean	Almost half of North American bird species threatened by climate change #Climate #Environment
vulgar	Almost just said some bitch shit
vulgar	Almost quit today they had me fucked up.. False promises to get me to work harder that's some hoe shit.
vulgar	Aloha bitches! 27 minutes before I caught a 32ft #greatwhite #okaysomaybeimlying #butiwasfishing
vulgar	Alotta people say they loyal to they niggas and bitches .... Yall aint shiiittt . Someone throw a few dollas in ya face you'll be snitchn
vulgar	Already had to unfollow that bitch. Annoying af.
vulgar	Already scratched off mines Paying for pussy still on my bucket list
vulgar	Alright Vacarro you bitch!!!
vulgar	Alright your time is up Cheesecake trash
vulgar	Also love angry old Irish bartenders pussies have one beer and ask for a glass of water, fuck them I ignore that shit
vulgar	Also, anyone who wants to bitch about the prices at Disney needs to check this out next time. #dollywood
clean	Also, its a hiccup to Jihadi propaganda: they portray themselves as the only ones willing to die for their cause.
vulgar	Always a good sesh wit my niggah blakk
vulgar	Always broke niccas how yu Robbin
clean	Always thought golden Oreos were the same as original Oreos but oh my god I just climaxed
vulgar	Always wanted to fuck that bitch, thank you god I fucked that bitch
vulgar	Am I really going to sit here and cry like a bitch....
vulgar	Am I the only #gay man without a fag hag? I guess I am.
clean	Am I the only person that feels disrespected by the bird poop suddenly dropping on your front window:(ewww#annoying
vulgar	Am I wrong fa laughin at dem niccas on 1st 48 who be cryin n the interrogation room
clean	Am ghetto
clean	Am so high that birds and planes are my peers
vulgar	Am sorry I can't stand stand some black females especially the full breaded Africans bitches being have std and shit I prefer white girls
vulgar	Am zoneing they say I'm possessed it's a omen I keep 300 like the Romans with 300 bitches with the trojans I been a menace for the longest.
vulgar	Amanda Bynes is crazy, idc what else y'all wanna call it but da bitch been crazy.
vulgar	Amanda is a bitch omg I would beat her ass lol
clean	Amazing. You know what they say about birds of a feather
vulgar	Amber Rose is one of those bad bitches who only get along with dudes
vulgar	Amber wants a million... Wiz just like... Ok bitch I spend that on 2 cars..
vulgar	Amennn!!!!! If your girlfriend doesn't like that bitch, you don't talk to that bitch
clean	American culture is stuck to the side of the toilet. Graffiti writers in Europe can create better art without any lowlife trash sex jokes.
vulgar	Amina ass... Peter you just fucking the bitch I don't like her voice
clean	Amo hangs
vulgar	An awesome Friday. Not a day for pre-weekend news-dumps anymore. Another weekend to celebrate progress my fellow queer folk!
vulgar	An if u aint a hoe get up out my trap hoooouusssee!!!!
vulgar	Anacortes bucks got racks like a black bitch, dwammm
vulgar	And I can't be known for fucking wit a trash bitch.
vulgar	And I lick it after you clean it , eat pussy like a dyke but I fuck like a demon
vulgar	And I was like yeah bitch
vulgar	And I'm out bout $50 .. These hoes be pimping me man
vulgar	And I'm steady tellin dis bitch gtfo my face
vulgar	And I've had enough. Unfollowing dat ass bitch
vulgar	And a hoe gon be a hoe regardless
vulgar	And bitch I ain't bout to debate with Ya funky ass either.
vulgar	And by YALL I mean.... Whoever running back telling tunchi wtf I'm doing that's not my nigga dog niggas nd bitches
vulgar	And da hoes!! I kno u hear vodka n the background
vulgar	And dis nicca still rapping
vulgar	And dis shit is for the birds 2
vulgar	And don't come to my mf house honking ur damn horn. Get tf out the car ring my bell bitch.
vulgar	And even if the sky come fallin, bitch ima still be high. I got faith in my weed man
vulgar	And gabby was steady walking off laughing, I'm like bitch really , if she ever fall around me I'ma get in my car and leave her there
vulgar	And get my self a bad bitch thats loyal and one hunnid
vulgar	And girl I've been thinkin of ways thinkin of new ways to beat that pussy down .
vulgar	And girl that pussy ain't shit to me, baby girl roll up and get high
vulgar	And ha bitch break down my weed sometimes
vulgar	And here standing in the red corner weighing 145lbs the pussy destroying champion of the world, Adam nobodyknowshisrace smith
vulgar	And honestly I'm a social hoe. I'll talk to any and everybody. Nowhere in there did I said fuck, suck, and trap.
vulgar	And i aint neva gave a fucc about a bitch boy !
vulgar	And i didn't wanna come off as a bitch, so I took another hit, now I think I'm feeling to high
vulgar	And if u aint a ho, GET UP OUT MY TRAP HOUUUSE!
vulgar	And if yu ever need a shoulder to cry on I won't be there cus I'm on my fuck that bitch shit
vulgar	And ima dream about 4 fat bitches stuck in a mini van on a hot summer day
vulgar	And it's always the black bitches that's constantly late AF for no reason. Couldn't refuse the ladies in free til 12 $1 shots
clean	And it's gotta be some ghetto fool :/
vulgar	And just like me that bitch loaded.
vulgar	And little bitch ass
vulgar	And mad hoes you can ask Beavis I get nothing butthead
vulgar	And my bitch gon blast and she got the ass like...
vulgar	And my mom was really getting me a car smh hoe f u for dat
vulgar	And niccas are 38 HOT if they paid 20 bucks for that Pay-Per-View......
clean	And now Jihadis bragging about a massive bombing in Sadr city in Baghdad. #Iraq #onslaught
vulgar	And now lookin ass niggas and lookin ass bitches will be the terms of 2014. Will be overused abused in every fucking way
clean	And of course some rascally #teabagger on the radio is blaming the 19 dead AZ firefighters on #biggovernment. Oy vey. #tcot #p2 #teaparty
vulgar	And remember---always be the person you're born to be. You don't have to be queer to take something from that message. #NationalComingOutDay
vulgar	And since im gino marley my bitch just flew from Japan
vulgar	And someone from my class is literally sitting across from me on the bus so I can't even call dad and bitch
vulgar	And them niggas pussies...cameltoes
vulgar	And these hoes ain't as good as they look..I need to take my own advice doee cause If that pusxy good then I'm good
vulgar	And vice versa 9/10 he has hoes
vulgar	And weres bitch boy ?
vulgar	And when I say DOH DOH DOH DOH bitch that be Kdot
vulgar	And when bitches be like me and him against the world! bitch don't nobody even know y'all together -_- nobody hating.
clean	And where do you think unsold items from thrift stores go? The garbage. Think of all the great games that are in trash dumps as we speak :(
vulgar	And you a bitch.. Even when you say you love me, you a bitch. I pray you crash like Caroline into a ditch.
vulgar	And you adopted bitch? I don't give a fuck what kind of Mental illness they claimin imma kill ya
vulgar	And you kno we the opposite of down bitch we up
vulgar	And youre a bitch youre a little fucking worm you know that,
vulgar	Angel stop rting that fugly bitch
clean	Anglo-Saxon Mike Oz
vulgar	Annie.. You crazy hoe
vulgar	Annnnd you're a dyke.
clean	Annoying yelling bint next door has locked herself out.
vulgar	Another bad bitch fuck her for a hour another cigarette another nut another shower
vulgar	Another high point was a Hungarian calling me cheat fuck and cheat pussy for doing well.
vulgar	Another long mornin smh...Thank God a nicca out here to see it tho real shit
clean	Another major development in the Jihadi circles: Al Maqdisi, hardcore jihadi theorist asks specifically for relief aid workers release
vulgar	Another nigga hoe is another nigga problem. been had hits.
clean	Another season of retweeting every one of s Yankee tweets!
vulgar	Another woman ain't gon keep me coming. Girl these hoes ain't got nothing on ya
vulgar	Any bitch who show up Friday looking like the bitch from the ring I'm punching straight in the face.
vulgar	Any dope nigga or pretty chick is gon have people wantin their attention.. Y'all gotta grow up with that you got hoes shit..
vulgar	Any man even considering plastic surgery is gay gay gay imagine ya boy say I'd get more hoes then u after I get these new lips
vulgar	Any nicca gettin it n da ass is a fag! Howw? Please explain this twitter logic. I'm confused.
vulgar	Any person that puts anybody else's business out there for whatever reason is a bitch.
vulgar	Any pregnant bitches at centreville I should know about in about to move there next ... Idk.. I dont go to cville
vulgar	Any pussy I had I can get again!
clean	Any solution to ZOG which doesn't deal with demographics - only laws - is no solution. #NorthwestImperative
vulgar	Any where the $$$ at is where the pussy go...
clean	Anyone want some absolutely amazing and deliciously fresh perfect monkey bread?
vulgar	Anyone want to share their thoughts on their mock draft?? Just kidding. SHUT YOUR FILTHY DAMNED MOUTH, YOU CLODS.
vulgar	Anytime somebody say u wan hear a funny that shit gon be trash..
vulgar	Apologizing in advance for my actions, I'm thee biggest bitch when I'm studying
clean	Apolonia Gardner of Imperial, CA misspells phalarope - a bird that resembles a sandpiper. The dreaded schwa! #spellingbee
clean	Apparently I got chunky for my bday. Worse bday present ever. Lol. #diettime
clean	Apparently im a honky. Pfft. Like that's a bad thing.
vulgar	Apparently not wanting to trade your Nitro M4 in CSGO makes you a collossal faggot.
vulgar	Apparently, saying something nice to someone these days means you're trying to stick them with your poker. Get over yourselves bitches.
clean	Apple need to add some colored emoji
vulgar	Apple sauce, bitch.
clean	Appropriately this guy wears the WV yellow Rick James on his face.
vulgar	Are pet guinea pig is about to die this fucking blows :/
clean	Are poor little guinea pig died :(
vulgar	Are you nigguhs saying you want Donald trump as prez? That nigguh don't understand real american struggles
vulgar	Are you single but your pussy is in a relationship?
clean	Are you tired of the mock drafts? Let's just do this: If Clowney is not the 1st pick, who thinks Round 1 becomes chaos? #ShowOfHands
clean	Aren't these little border jumpers supposed to be in school
vulgar	Argue to make up. Not to break up get back together that's retarded in my eyes
vulgar	Arguing over a bitch with a glued on butt
vulgar	Arod like ugly bitches that like to fuck
clean	Arroz con pollo
vulgar	Arturo keeps calling me ghetto
clean	As Chanice say that, I realize the coons move from drinking Moet to Belaire. All yuh feel all yuh so fancy with all yuh $30 champagne eh
vulgar	As I tweeted before any man telling me to go to the kitchen this season could tell his mom that, father probably wouldn't of left..bitch
vulgar	As a girlfriend I'm NEVER getting close to my boyfriend friends , cause they can be telling me one thing , and telling these hoes another.
vulgar	As a girlfriend, you gotta accept the fact hoes gone be all up in his face. But as a boyfriend, he better let them hoes know wassup.
vulgar	As a man ... I feel like you a bitch if you living off a female . Havin her buy all yo shit fucc that never be dependent on someone
vulgar	As good as Percy Harvin and Peyton on the same team sound Thats so retarded lmao
vulgar	As if it WASNT gon get Bacc to me bitch your outta your fuccing mind
vulgar	As long as you gon feed me pussy when I get the munchies
vulgar	As of today im cutting muthafuckas off bitches/niggas that never show love or just temporary people iont need um
clean	As soon as a Democrat gets a chance to ? the political hack #foxnews goes to commercial then back with Bolton LMAO #teabaggers #benghazi
vulgar	As soon as a bitch think shit sweet.... Give em wat they been asking for!
vulgar	As soon as bitches get on a come up you got that one bitch that CANT Wait to tell ppl your downfall before the come up . #Haters
vulgar	Asha had a little voice in my head telling me to fuck with these hoes. Wasn't kendra
vulgar	Asha my bitch doe
vulgar	Ask a bitch in 2014 if she would rather have JESUS than silver gold I bet u she tell a lie.
vulgar	Ask around n the streets bitch bout Jay
clean	Ask the governor how we are supposed to pay for this? Typical #teabagger mentality. Government is EVIL until we need them LOL #morningjoe
vulgar	Ask tht bitch when she gon let a yung nigga blast tht ass
vulgar	Ask your bitch about me she turns into dori.
vulgar	At 60? Good luck Nh nh I'm 60, 150. One of you bitches better reproduce with me. I can give you an athlete.
vulgar	At Dunkin donuts and every time somebody walked in I either yelled ratchet or hoe and so me and my brother got kicked out
clean	At a point where I've got to make a tough life decision. Ice black translucent sole or solid black sole on my KD VI's. Blk or orange airbag
clean	At all my ritz crackers. Idk what to do with myself anymore.
vulgar	At least ima a faithful bitch
clean	At pussy cat lounge killin it with my girlz and
vulgar	At the MLK march tryna find a man bitch we see U
vulgar	At the Mexican laundry mat and it's PACKED denna hoe
vulgar	At the bar in downey wit my uncle, this niggah faded hopefully he doesnt get us into a fight lmao
vulgar	At the doctors with sam shes such a pussy the had to put a cotton swab in her nose and she just about started to cry -_-
vulgar	At the end of the day seniors still love that young fresh pussy from west case closed
clean	At this rate, I'd cheer for the awful New York Yankees over the St. Louis Cardinals.
clean	At work but wish I was floating in my 15 ft., on sale at Walmart, redneck pool that my husband probably hasn't cleaned since last weekend.
clean	Ate the receivers really fast or is pass coverage trash?
vulgar	Attention one and all. just motoroboated my knees. Someone get this jiggaboo some water. She #thirsty.
vulgar	Auburnnn hoe
vulgar	Audio: Happy Valentines Day bitches. Now play this while you get laid.
vulgar	August alsina : ghetto
vulgar	Austin is a funny niggah
vulgar	Autocorrect makes my how's life change to hoes life. What the duck.
clean	Average is basic and basic is trash
vulgar	Aw man, that bitch she go hard.. Put it on me I'm like Oh Lord... No panties, baby, no bra !
vulgar	Awe did I cut you off and make you mad? That's too dam bad, shoulda been going the fucking speed limit bitch
vulgar	Awwwwww That ain't my hoe.
vulgar	Awwwwww they no Kaep ain't rape no bitch!!!!
vulgar	Ay cuh its HOT AF . Im finna go buy yo bitch some ice cream . Lol
vulgar	Ay fuck wieners, remember to eat before you drink and remember to drink water while you're drinking and also to go eat shit you pussy head.
clean	Ay what are some good bars/clubs to hit up in Denver?? Should be up there Saturday night to coon out.
vulgar	Ay yall heard that Rich Gang tape thou?? That bitch on Flame!!!
clean	Aye a nicca is tired tho!
vulgar	Aye it's a lot of niggas out here that can't fuck a bad bitch unless they get her drunk smh #Preach
vulgar	Aye my NIGHA #YeaYouReadinDis... Gone let ya bitch fuck wit my team donjuuuan
vulgar	Aye the part be treating the bitches too good
vulgar	Aye we all needa keep are heads up high who cares if we lost we all went and tried our best south is a bunch of trash talking pussys ! -.-
vulgar	Aye, Mcdonald'ss got a fire ass frozen strawberry lemonade.. This bitch so wet
vulgar	Ayee hoe
clean	Ayo I jus had a mini heart attack behind the wheel..north Philly n fire crackers don't mix I
vulgar	Ayo twat boy I gotta new phone give me yo jack now
vulgar	Ayo why da hell ain't nobody hip me to these niccas! ... #BetterLateThanNever
vulgar	Ayo!! unblock me so i ca tell you how garbage yo bitch ass playing....
vulgar	Ayy yo my nigga be all up on da,pussy not lettin dat muafucka breathe.
clean	Ayyyyy I'm sipping on a free slurpee and seeing The Front Bottoms tonight. I'm a happy clam.
clean	BASICALLY, #GOP, #ROMNEY, right wing reactionaries, drudgies, teabaggers, libertaritards, all hate our education system and teachers.
vulgar	BC y'all hoes
vulgar	BF: I think we need some pet insurance. GF: LMAO, why, what for? BF: Because I'm destroying your pussy everyday.
vulgar	BITCH!!! Stop thinking ur entitled to politically correct responses...bitch
vulgar	BREATHE! You are going to kill yourself if you don't EXHALE! Killin you hoes
vulgar	BROS BEFORE HOS! ... and there I was with my bros, without any hos..
vulgar	BRUH lmaoo Them hoes was nasty but I kept eating them What the fuck happened to these?
vulgar	BRUH!! Them ugly hoes say a nigga arrogant...
vulgar	Baby I can make that pussy raaain OFTEN.
vulgar	Baby I can make that pussy rain, often
vulgar	Baby I can make that pussy rain... Often
clean	Baby I'll whisper Vietnamese to you all soft like, ching... chong ting o long....
vulgar	Baby girl your pussy looking so vacant....
vulgar	Baby moanin , got me zone'nn I want this bitch next me , pussy like ecstasy .
vulgar	Baby pussy cant be your only hustle. Unless u bad as Naomi Russell.I mean a lot of ppl got money.So basically Russell aint the only Russell
vulgar	Babydaddy needing bail money say thats wat she gone do talk a whole alotta shit but swear that bitch gone come through
vulgar	Back #InHighSchool me and used to have to stiff-arm bitches that kept tryna steal our fitteds
vulgar	Back in America, and I've become a basic bitch again.
vulgar	Back in this bitch again....
vulgar	Backdoor is open: them hoes will let you fuck em in the ass. Usually an extra charge plus the rate you agreed upon.
vulgar	Bad Asian bitch yea she look just like Kemora
vulgar	Bad bitch contest you in first place
vulgar	Bad bitch give good head, dumb bitch get hood rich
vulgar	Bad bitch good head I think she ah keeper !
vulgar	Bad bitch
vulgar	Bad bitch on my line tryna give me brains
vulgar	Bad bitch pussy aquafina call her Crystalina
vulgar	Bad bitch selling molly I might take one
vulgar	Bad bitch with me and you kno that her ass is fat
vulgar	Bad bitch, chest out......no wonder why Miss Righteous keeps on getting left out
vulgar	Bad bitches ain't cheap
vulgar	Bad bitches aint cheap better pass her if u broke !!
vulgar	Bad bitches an good weed
vulgar	Bad bitches and good weed
vulgar	Bad bitches be all ova me .. Besides pussy what could you offer me?!
vulgar	Bad bitches every where
vulgar	Bad bitches from Oakland, she could beeee a model
vulgar	Bad bitches hate broke niggaz.
vulgar	Bad bitches in dirty ass houses
vulgar	Bad bitches in the pen make my toes curl
vulgar	Bad bitches is the only thing I like
vulgar	Bad bitches is the only thing that I like
vulgar	Bad bitches is the only thing that I like!!!!!! #BBLU this Saturday #BBLU #SuedeLounge #RICHGIRLS
vulgar	Bad bitches is the only thing that i like
vulgar	Bad bitches is the only thing that like
vulgar	Bad bitches only
vulgar	Bad bitches only ...
vulgar	Bad blood in the camp if it's bout a bitch just know I don't respect it homie
vulgar	Bad chicks send em in.. Basic hoes toss em out, can't even get Waffle House.. Hating niggas chalk em out gone get the coffin out
vulgar	Bad foreign bitch she a walkin Ferrari
vulgar	Bad lil bitch ain't never seen her
vulgar	Bad lil short fine bitch lil petite sumn
vulgar	Bae gotta bitch whoops
vulgar	Bae juss the new side bitch lingo u aint special hoe
vulgar	Bae made me deep fried Oreos
clean	Bags Bags that's that bag money trash bag black and it's filled up with money
vulgar	Bahaha omg this bitch is crazyyy .
clean	Baked Montreal chicken, cheesy brussels sprouts, garlic butter triple cheddar chives yellow mashed
vulgar	Ball is life? No bitch bench is life
vulgar	Bands will make her dance , stamps will make her twerk , If Romney becomes president , these hoes will have to work.
vulgar	Bang, bitch, you think I'm strange, bitch? It's bananas like a fucking rangatang bitch #vote5sos #EMABiggestFans1D
clean	Bank robber who wore zebra-print dress arrested, police say
clean	Barkley is trash
clean	Barry's (whitey) brownshirts run wild in Oakland. Following the lead of N.W.A., punks chant F the police.
vulgar	Barry's hoe Michelle is walking in now. Ugly beast she is. #SOTU
clean	Baseball isn't the same without the Yankees in the playoffs basketball isn't the same without the Lakers in em.
clean	Baseball......... w/ for her birthday for some reason? Lol (@ Yankee Stadium) on #Yelp
vulgar	Basic bitch no chill
vulgar	Basic bitches lame niggas
vulgar	Basic bitches everywhere
vulgar	Basic niggah in his basic clothing
vulgar	Basically saying that the pound doesn't belong to us and it's English... Greedy cunts
vulgar	Basically, so...just do you. *shrugs* So if you're worried about being a ho or looking like one, good luck.
clean	Bathing Sphere: Suspended Orb Tub Not for Shy People #bathing #design #weird and yet #cool
vulgar	Bbl gonna go sob over gay bird babies.
vulgar	Bc I got too many bitches
vulgar	Be a dog to these bitches bt be a KING TO YA QUEEN
vulgar	Be a girl with a mind, a bitch with an attitude and a lady with class.
clean	Be fearful of the wrath of God in a country where many mock Christianity, embrace perversion, abortion, and bows to PC/multiculturalism.
vulgar	Be mean or rude to my little sister again and I'll kick your ass. It applies to all of you little snooty bitches. K thanks.
vulgar	Be my backbone every nicca need a spine
vulgar	Be trippin when I call you hoe but bitch you know I talk like Dat! -- voice
clean	Beans that were yellow before Friday night are brown now-a few green leaves curled-frost but not freeze-bean size reduced - top end shrinks
vulgar	Bears game today bitches! Not to mention, lean and bud before the train ride lol :) #Goodday
vulgar	Beat the pussy down like my nemesis
vulgar	Beat the pussy in so well her shit still hurting from a week ago
vulgar	Beat ya bitch pussy up every time I see her like a bully .. Then send her outta town wit 4 cookies
clean	Beautiful Fairy Elegant Dress
vulgar	Because I had to accept being called a bitch every time I asserted myself. #YesAllWomen
vulgar	Because I'd rather wear my hair long and have piercings, I'm a faggot that will never go anywhere in life.
vulgar	Because a nigguh but don't mean you're pussy is bomb
vulgar	Because at your local insurance agency, the customer is ALWAYS our bitch. #itakeshitfromnoone
vulgar	Because idk if your still tryna get with her again or not?... bitch i might be
clean	Because if nobody was judging the birds, this account wouldn't even cause a ripple in d ocean
vulgar	Because of the message that sends to LGBTQ residents in the state. Not as if West Virginia is a paradise for queer people. Today is major.
vulgar	Beefin ova bitches trade ya clip for Pom Poms
clean	Been Huntin hard and finally nailed her. Best wedding koozie I've ever seen. #redneck
vulgar	Been a trill nicca since a Lil nicca
vulgar	Been a while since it's just been me solo at the crib, feeling kinda lonely like a hoe
vulgar	Been hooping all day tired than bitch
vulgar	Been schooling these bitches since 92
vulgar	Been sleeping toooooo much, fuck it ima enjoy it before i start working 2 jobs like a hoe haha
vulgar	Been told by a lot of people that I'm cool then a hoe, and that they don't understand why someone wouldn't like me
vulgar	Beer ball isn't for pussies
vulgar	Before I let a pussy cut my hair I just will let it grow
vulgar	Before the madness with my single bitches.
vulgar	Behind every independent woman, is a pack of hating hoes
vulgar	Being a girl sucks. We have to deal with periods making us a bitch, shaving our legs on a daily basis, and worrying about what we eat.
vulgar	Being a hoe ain't cute #ijs
vulgar	Being a hoe is cute in 2014
vulgar	Being a sober soul just wasnt interesting.. bitch im living #5spmg #GGL
clean	Being coons At??? Y'all are amazing.
vulgar	Being single and not texting no bitches late night almost wacker than coming home after the club drunk and fuckin your girlfriend
vulgar	Believe in the heart of the cards bitch.
vulgar	Believe it or not hoes get boring after awhile
vulgar	Ben will gett ya some pussy.. ben will get ya some head!
clean	Bengals kicker trash.
vulgar	Benzino is a bitch point blank period
vulgar	Besides my sisters, this is one of two bitches you will always catch me with.
clean	Best behaved kids ever at mommy's commercial audition. Oreo McFlurries for everybody! #proudmom
clean	Best of luck to Tino The Bambino Martinez in Miami (your legacy is saved LOL) #Marlins #Yankees #RedSox #MLB
clean	Best rider? That goes to a blaxican.
clean	Bet Charlie Strong has contacted Ridley
clean	Bet they want a cookie, Bergbrain? You mean like you want a cracker? Kinda bitter here today aren'tcha? #stribpol mngop #mnleg
vulgar	Bet you ain't gone @ em tho.. Na why OOMF just tweeted that ? she know ha pussy WACK
vulgar	Betta ask round these streets bitch bout Jay
vulgar	Better keep ya shit n line nicca ...
vulgar	Better nip that shit in the bud early.
vulgar	Better play your part bitch don't be a smart bitch cuz I might have a change of heart
vulgar	Between the constant tweegrams and the bad bitches playing themselves out for attention and the stupid caption pics instagram lost me.
vulgar	Beyonc more of a hipster bitch wit no hips these days
vulgar	Big G-Day s/o to #FreeBoosie nicca lol!!!!!
clean	Big Red and fat squaw ...lol my hubby is so funny!! #insidejoke
clean	Big Squawk: Q: when will DFL dump Ryan Uncle Tom Winkler? } Not going to happen Berg Bleat on. #mngop proud #stribpol #mnleg
clean	Big bird holds press conf claims he does not care for the letter f
vulgar	Big bitches be like Im Thick yea bitch atound the midsection
vulgar	Big black bitches out here arguing
vulgar	Big boobs = no ass No ass = big boobs Big boobs and big ass = ugly face Big boobs , big ass , pretty face = hoe.
vulgar	Big bro moose trying slide into these hoes DM's
vulgar	Big greenmile tweetin ass nicca
vulgar	Big hair bitches
vulgar	Big moe rn like a hoe haha yuhhhh
clean	Big night of #hoosiers #iubb #big10 and #pacers #nba #indiana #hoosierstate #paulgeorge #codyzeller
vulgar	Big ol pussy Harrington blocked me again
vulgar	Big thick pretty bitch
vulgar	Biggest booth I ever seen lastnight bitch had a leopard print jumper on look like an over weight leopard
vulgar	Biggie was and always will be the flyest cunt in rap. #biggie
clean	Bigots demand recount in #Idaho #gay rights ordinance referendum #tcot #teaparty #teabaggers #lgbt
vulgar	Bij vraag wat is d naam van de engels des doods,dacht eerst Robert.Ik:Israel..uhm iets met Gargamel,hoe heet die kat ook al weer..oja Azrael
vulgar	Biker gang looking ass bitches with titty tats. Foh sons of anarchy.
vulgar	Bill Cosby stealing pussy
vulgar	Bill Romanowski is still a cunt. Who saw that one coming.
vulgar	Birthday today bitches and I gotta work :/
vulgar	Bitch I want my number back yo pussy mustard... oh yeah FUCK DAT BITCH TRUST ME! #DRO
vulgar	Bitch I'm not about to eat ya pussy all day long.. I got a life.
vulgar	Bitch I'm the man that's right I said it, bitch I'm the man don't you forget it.
vulgar	Bitch ain't u his lawyer y u thank ery body STFU kill dat bitch to
vulgar	Bitch and who the fuck r u am speak when the fuck I feel like it and stop a pussy ass Nigga and box the fuck up
vulgar	Bitch ass people are the first to call someone out for being a bitch
vulgar	Bitch bitch bitch
vulgar	Bitch don't talk yo shit then, say you on papers when a bitch trinna get down you a straight FAG BITCH foe dat. Scary ass hoe.
vulgar	Bitch duck on whore ass slut cunt ha Biden it's Gucci. Tho whatever. Nigea
vulgar	Bitch fuk wat a hater gotta say .......brickk ent ya bitch
vulgar	Bitch had a redbook account with all selfies on the add like bitch no tricks wanna see yo face
vulgar	Bitch i wouldn't eat yah pussy wit another nigga tongue
vulgar	Bitch just sucked my dick and tried to give me sugar bitch get out
vulgar	Bitch killa gone be dacing in that bitch cdfu
vulgar	Bitch nicca talmbout a mf 3peat....Df y'all ain't da Lakers
vulgar	Bitch shutcho got damn mouf hoe Mallett ain't gon help yo funky ass texans
vulgar	Bitch you frooooontin, bitch you frooooontin. Lol
vulgar	Bitch, you may have a million dollar body, but you got a dollar menu face and a four-piece nugget pussy, so you ain't worth shit.
vulgar	Bitches ah have a baby be like don't claim my child bitch you good goddamn well ain't NOBODY claiming your creature
vulgar	Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
vulgar	Bitches always like you got hoes.. I be like duhh I'm tryna make you one of em nbs
vulgar	Bitches always think somebody want them or they little coochie lol chilling dont exist nomore ? Iont want yall hoes
vulgar	Bitches be 17 in the 9th grade talking about where my bae at ? No bitch , where ya credits at?
vulgar	Bitches be happy about burger king pollo tropical on lunch break at work but act like dinner with new niggaz gotta be upscale.
vulgar	Bitches be in they feelings to much like live bitch
vulgar	Bitches be like Keep Calm I'm Single........... first of all bitch, nobody was hype
vulgar	Bitches be like New Avi and I'm just like bitch, your new avi is UGLY, your old avi was UGLY, bitch YOU ugly.
vulgar	Bitches be like I want something real ... And I be like I want a bitch with real hair but we can't always get what we want now can we lol
vulgar	Bitches be like im nt beefing over a niggah smh
vulgar	Bitches be like niggas ain't shit ... Naw bitch maybe you just ain't shit
vulgar	Bitches be mad they mane nigga gettin snatched up by all these whore yah pussy prolli wack ctfu
vulgar	Bitches be screaming fuck they nigga, but get mad when another bitch fuck they nigga
vulgar	Bitches be sounding damnear retarded on tbh videos nbs
vulgar	Bitches be tambout my party..... no bitch, its everybody party....
vulgar	Bitches be trying to squash all beef wen they find out they pregnant! Some hoes dont give a fuck!
vulgar	Bitches be watching me from other bitches pages; THATS RIGHT BITCH , TEAM WORK
vulgar	Bitches be wearing extensions, fake eye lashes and make up talkin bout they bad bitches. No bitch you are not bad you're a created player
vulgar	Bitches bitches bitches
vulgar	Bitches can't fuck with my bitches they deadly
vulgar	Bitches cheat on they bitch... But be SOOOOOO HURT when they bitch cheat back.
vulgar	Bitches complain about they baby daddies not being shit, but bitch you KNEW he wasn't shit you didn't HAVE to keep that baby you CHOSE to
vulgar	Bitches corny with that not saving numbers shit I hate them hoes
vulgar	Bitches don't even go out to have fun anymore they just go out to tweet about the function and to take pics wit other bitches
vulgar	Bitches dont wann fxck me no more bitches wanna fxck all my bitches
vulgar	Bitches get on twitter an turn to saints like they not hoes that shit kill a nigga
vulgar	Bitches know they bitches, bitch.
vulgar	Bitches love beefing over a nigga that's always in other bitches faces.
vulgar	Bitches make me happy. Material objects make bitches happy #iPhone6
vulgar	Bitches on me bout da lil flexin shit on snapchat bitch please
vulgar	Bitches rather be petty with his hoes instead of posting bail now that ah really fck em up.....psa
vulgar	Bitches so stupid!!! Yal can't know how I'm bouta start popping bitches
vulgar	Bitches swear up and down they pussy the best, but ain't.
vulgar	Bitches talmbout they limber got these bitches In limbo
vulgar	Bitches think they're slick but no matter how hard they try and hide it we can still tell if they're hoes or not
vulgar	Bitches will be bitches
vulgar	Bitches will be bitches.
vulgar	Bitches with kids are retarded
vulgar	Bitches with trash pussy always want unprotected sex
vulgar	Bitches, bitches, bitches.
vulgar	Bite me bitch , chew on a 19 footer
vulgar	Bitzy probably popped a Percocet before she had these drinks with Mellie. She seems like that kind of of trill ol bitch. #ScandalABC
clean	Bjergsen just made a full AS rune page. I don't just me full AS reds and Quints I mean AS reds, blues, yellows, and Quints. 47% AS
vulgar	Blac Chyna's ass should've threw him off first of all. It's wop sided and those cheek piercing trashy as hell.
vulgar	Black Dynamite! All the hoes gone?! My dick harder than slavery! *wall-slides*
vulgar	Black bitches be boisterous belligerent buffaloes! #AlliterationTuesday #Damnismartallofasudden
clean	Black guy in class: *attempts to throw a paper ball into the trash* *misses* Mrs. Mundy: You're a disgrace to your race, Marcus
vulgar	Black twitter needs to get off Paul George dick about him impregnating a stripper. Wiz did. Tyga did. Kanye turned a hoe into a housewife
vulgar	Blah blah Idgaf bout you crazy ass bitch
vulgar	Blah blah blah blah.. How it sound when these bitches talk
vulgar	Blah. In all honesty.... I just need some pussy. That's it
vulgar	Blatt trash too ... but twitter said he was good
vulgar	Blocked his fuzzy butt . Ignore this low life creature....
vulgar	Blonde bitch wit her blue eyes, like butter when she spread
vulgar	Blood this nigga Dion retarded
vulgar	Blow up the pussy like Hussein. Bitch look at me crazy like who's sane?
vulgar	Blows my mind how some guys have these model type girls then cheat on them with some ghetto hoe.
vulgar	Blunt to the head, fuck Feds, I eat pussy till my tongue red
vulgar	Boats n hoes boats n hoes gotta have me my boats n hoes!!!!!!!
vulgar	Bobby bitch
vulgar	Bobby bitch dropping in five minutes though .... Let that sink in
vulgar	Bobby bitchHot nigga
vulgar	Bobby bitch? Dickhead TOP 3 BOBBY SHMURDA SONGS: 1. HOT NIGGA 2. 3.
vulgar	Bobby stole the black from Gabby. Pedro: But she kept all the ghetto. #LifeMade
vulgar	Bomb your house, Then fuck your bitch. All hail Al Qaeda
vulgar	Bond had the hoes and the money Bourne kicked ass no gadgets hawk always let a bitch die
vulgar	Boney ass bitch farting out mini basketballs
vulgar	Boosie ran this hoe
vulgar	Boozer so trash
vulgar	Bored then a hoe in the auditorium hmu!
vulgar	Bored then a hoe! Listening to these fuck ass adults lecturing us with
vulgar	Boss ass bitch remix
vulgar	Bossd up on my old hoes
clean	Boston's Jihadi Nest and Student Arm of the Muslim Brotherhood Joe For America via
vulgar	Both but that was the old me lol U be havin bitches on deck for the sex or it's a new joint every time?
vulgar	Both of my bitches drive range rovers
vulgar	Both of them hoes losers and need to hit the gym
vulgar	Both trash but I guess they got tired of Chalmers trash starting How chalmers lose his job to Norris Cole? Lmfaoooo
vulgar	Both y'all pussy son beat it
vulgar	Bought that bitch mozzarella sticks. Bitches love mozzarella sticks
vulgar	Bought these bitches breakfast and now getting kissed on my cheeks non stop...lol. Check out is literally in 5 mins tho
clean	Bought this Lp in Manchester the other week, had no idea it was coloured vinyl. Man what a steal!!!!! #VinylGasm #Re-Machined
vulgar	Bout tht time where the hoes are gettin dicked down
vulgar	Bout to bust this bitch wide open. Such a waste of money!
vulgar	Bout to dub dis bitch
vulgar	Bout to get a breasts reduction these bitches be in the way
clean	Bout to make some brownies in a few.
vulgar	Bout to put me some hoes on backpage .. Try my pimp hand out!
vulgar	Bout to smoke a 3.5 n dis bitch .. #Pollution
vulgar	Bout to unfollow all the bitches I follow currently and follow all new bitches. I need change in my life and I feel like that's a good start
vulgar	Bouta Rasengan all these stupid bitches
vulgar	Bow down bitches, bow down bitchess
vulgar	Bowling Green's campus looks old as fuck. Like state penitentiary old. But they do have a lot of bitches so I guess that counts for a lot
vulgar	Boy Yo bitch a lame , Dont Nobody Know Her but you
vulgar	Boy a bitch STILL ain't got the proper amount of sleep
vulgar	Boy damn jitt got his ass bitch slapped in da court yard comin to 6th period i was yelln n shit
vulgar	Boy these downlow niccas should be ashamed
vulgar	Boy you gotta turn that Nikki song all the way down on the volume kuz it's trash ... But that the ass fat lawd
vulgar	Boy! Some hoes be setting themselves up for failure shit be so funny!! I'm sleep tho
vulgar	Boyfriends and brothers will drop off and pick up bitches from their fast food job as long as their promised a free meal.
vulgar	Boys dont wanna seem like bitch thats why they dont express feelings like us females do
vulgar	Boys want bad bitches , and dummies. Men want strong women who respect themselves and support his grind while handling hers.
vulgar	Boyyyyy if I had a bitch who pussy taste lil mama's spaghetti.... THAT WOULD B 1 HAPPY BITCH!!!
vulgar	Brackin in da bity boolin wit sum bitches straight bleedin
vulgar	Brad Pitt is older than Charlie Sheen. What the fuckkkkkkkkkkkkk.
vulgar	Brag bout your hoes, you prolly get 0 to no pussy.
vulgar	Brag to you about the hoes he hittin and when you ask for a pic he show you some sorry ass female.. Then all you can do is laugh..
clean	Brandon Jennings trash
vulgar	Break shit fuck the law....grrrr...fuck that shit...punch that bitch!
clean	Breakfast fried chicken jerk chicken Tater tots white rice nd press yellow rice nd beans Mac nd cheese
clean	Breakfast of champions shrimp lobster balls (no sandusky) French fries nd a nice big Quahog (clam for
vulgar	Breaking News: ur a little bitch
vulgar	Breaking yo bitch like a KitKat nigga
vulgar	Breakup Anthem We threw shidd lemme just fall back pick up my side hoes cuz i stayed in contact
vulgar	Breezy gotta sleep this hoe
vulgar	Briahna told me the best advice I ever gave her was that it aint nothing to cut dat bitch off lmao.
vulgar	Brie said We were together since before we were born. You guys are twins.. duh bitch. Omg who wrote the script?! #BellaTwins
clean	Brilliant job by to limp it back to the pits without causing a yellow. Wish he didn't need to though. #PLM
vulgar	Bring a niggah some icecream
vulgar	Bring another bitch for a real nigga.
vulgar	Britt attitude be for no reason , bitch mad at breakfast
vulgar	Bro I'm bored then a hoe rt
vulgar	Bro what in the fuck y'all bitches thinking ... That is not ok
vulgar	Bro's before hoes, not bro's over your girlfriend
vulgar	Bro's before hoes, not bro's over your girlfriend...
vulgar	Broke bitches be like oh he Got MONN-NEYYY
vulgar	Broke bitches make me sick
vulgar	Broke bitches on my tl...
vulgar	Broke bitches that talk shit those the ones that I stunt for
vulgar	Broke bitches that talk shit, now them the bitches I stunt for
vulgar	Broke hoes always wanna argue u ain't ate all day were u get that energy from
vulgar	Broke pussy boy Deion's record.
vulgar	Broner would still knock half u niccas out
vulgar	Brooo Chinese sounds goooood then a hoe rn but my momma making carne con chile so I guess I'm gucci with that
vulgar	Brooooooo that wingstop went sooooo clutch, I straight ran through that hoe!!
clean	Brown is a color so my eyes are colored
clean	Brownies brownies brownies
clean	Browns and redskins shouldn't be considered nfl teams
vulgar	Brrr hoe dichter bij het Sint gebeuren hoe racistischer de drek op twitter en het komt nagenoeg alleen van de proZwartePieten hoek. Engvolk
vulgar	Bruh I'm ready to get this four wheeler that bitch is fast asf
vulgar	Bruh He def wanted to call L Rock a nigger in that last LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
vulgar	Bruh bitches be wearing heels and club outfits to school and shit
vulgar	Bruh leave it to the coins coons
vulgar	Bruh this niggah always falls asleep !
vulgar	Bruh went so hard on that bitch he deserves pimp of the year
vulgar	Bruh. Sasuke and Sakuras daughter gonna be a bad Uchiha bitch
vulgar	Bruh. pt. 2 jaxon1114 killed this hoe too last night while we was sleep.
clean	Bruh... soo trash....
vulgar	Bruhhhh hoes ass laws had to fuck up the fun
vulgar	Bruised ankle is a bitch
vulgar	Brutus looking girl getting off the elevator as I'm walking into a different one... No bitch u can't come in, u can't u can't come in.
vulgar	Bryant must think he's so cute going out w his stupid ass friends and leaving me here but watch when he gets back lil bitch
vulgar	Bsd bitch make it clap
vulgar	Bt bitches niggahs always had there hand out
vulgar	Bt dubz, ur best pals bitch about u to me quite often... #stoplivingafuckinglie #hatredisincreasing
vulgar	Buddy a fruit Brandon said you a dirty ass coon
vulgar	Buddy drug the whole train lmao good ... extra ass hoes
vulgar	Buddy slapped his rent stress out on that messy bitch. What I done told u hoes bout New York niggas they temper? #TrainVideo
vulgar	Build a bear build a bitch
vulgar	Bull color schemes? DULL, you stupid bitch. DUKE WEARS BOLD PASTEL COLORS. Bull makes no sense.
vulgar	Bullets stick to a nigguh damn liver
vulgar	Bullying laws are for pussies.
vulgar	Bum ass hoe
vulgar	Bum bitch won't even my type
vulgar	Bumoose ducking those insults like a scared white pussy
vulgar	Bumpin that nigga nigga Rick Ross B.M.F this hoe going harrrrd highh outside enjoying this weather
vulgar	Bunch of hurt niggas bitches on my IG timeline tonight.. Muhfuckas lame as hell b
clean	Burnating all Yankees and their thatch roof cottages!!!!!! #Astros
clean	Burritos are trash
vulgar	Bussin bitches with my Gwale Gwalas
vulgar	Bussy Is that avi pussy poppin on a handstand??
vulgar	Bust a nicca head,smack a ho,shoot the club up!
vulgar	Bust a nicca head,smack a hoe and shoot the club up! So what we doing??
vulgar	Bust in dat bitch face I don't want sons! --
vulgar	Busted my lip playing ball so now I can't enjoy pussy and this delicious MANGO
vulgar	But Carl is a bitch
clean	But I callin out da race card. Ain't no colored podcasts out dare
vulgar	But I can't buy tomorrow. That's why I go hard hoe.
vulgar	But I can't get her to smoke unless I bitch about it. The struggles of having a girl who doesn't... In actuality it's a great thing.
vulgar	But I have the hoes
vulgar	But I'm calling this bitch yeah ok after you called me I return calls especially if it ain't my girl
vulgar	But bitch you gon shave or wax that pussy before I bless it, Foh.
vulgar	But bitches are crazy, I'd be in jail for sure
vulgar	But bitches be mad than a Mf when they don't know what I'm doing how I getting it
vulgar	But if you knew , bitch you'll do better
vulgar	But no one calls him a pussy for his injuries
vulgar	But not prettier than Amber's. Her pussy is pretty
clean	But rich is a light skin coon. So it's expected.
vulgar	But she a bad bad bitch make you late for it.
vulgar	But she can shade the shit out a bitch #YourWifeCantRead
vulgar	But she is a hoe.? idk about that
vulgar	But staying up gon be a bitch.
vulgar	But they only talk on twitter bc pussies in real life
vulgar	But this emotional shit is absolutely for the birds.....
vulgar	But who is me to TALK about the next bitch flexing when I done don it before
vulgar	But why did this bitch just follow me...don't even like u
vulgar	But why does my school always have prom on Friday the 13th like this isn't some Freddy Vs Jason shit Even tho some bitches gonna look it
vulgar	But yall niggas wanna call these women hoes when they leave you for a nigga that appreciates her. Fuck you lil niggas.
vulgar	But you bird ass niggas out here getting your feathers ruffled just shook. And ain't no such thing as a half way crook.
vulgar	But you can't tell a broke bitch nothin
vulgar	But you love me, you don't wanna be with nobody else, blah blah.. Bullshit fa the birds..
vulgar	But you.. Nvm I don't see why men disrespect women by calling them offensive names like bitch, hoe, slut, or female. Smh
vulgar	Butler Unchained Review Short version, whitey sucks and a potentially positive film is simply anti-white agitprop.
vulgar	Butters get all the hoes
vulgar	Bye bitch.
clean	Bye, Bye Charlie Strong.
vulgar	Bytch was an infant... How the hell this bitch 18 talking bout how much she remember bout Pac before he died!?!
clean	CAIR Publishes a Hit List for Jihadis via If you are a red blooded #American you may be on the list..
vulgar	CEBROS and corporate hoes
vulgar	CLEARY diz princess iz a bad bitch.
vulgar	CNT nobody be mad at who he choose to be with I can't be mad at no bitch its the nigga so hay
vulgar	COME TO TND!!!! Atrocities starts at 7, followed by Lost Cause, Auramea, Night Verses, and NORMA JEAN! Let's fill this bitch.
vulgar	Caleb needs to stop being a little bitch.
vulgar	Caleb's a dick and Hanna's a bitch I hate them both now
clean	California has gangs because California is trash.
vulgar	Call a hoe a hoe, and a rat a rat
vulgar	Call a negro
vulgar	Call dat bitch...
vulgar	Call me a dumb bitch but ion even know wtf Ebola is
vulgar	Call me a fag but I love when people turn their heads or look out of their cars when I drive by cause they head me slumpin. Bitches love it
vulgar	Call me ghetto if you want but I'm walking to and from class with my bonnet on my hair.
vulgar	Call of duty out this bitch
vulgar	Call when you grow up. If you live that long. Sorry for parents with such poor skills they got you . old bitch
vulgar	Called Eddie a hoe.... By mistake doe. Lol
vulgar	Calling it am early night heartache is a bitch #broken
clean	Calling out teabaggers, conservatives on their BS: via
vulgar	Calling these nasty hoes out! Mrs. Wells is too real
vulgar	Cam Newton is Such a little girl like grow up and quit actin like a bitch
vulgar	Cam Newton is such a pussy he needs to grow up and learn he isn't a hotshot any more
vulgar	Came home and found my cat sleeping on my pillow ;c I love that niggah.
vulgar	Camo day! Catch me at school huntin for basic bitches
clean	Can Charlie Crist pull one over on Rick Scott? Well he did pull one over on #floridaprimary dems tonite. #TPOT #Election2014
vulgar	Can Dick Sherman get caught doing blow of a tranny hooker some time soon please? Preferably Pete Carroll
vulgar	Can I bring another bitch can we have a threesome or nahhh
vulgar	Can I bring another bitch or nah
vulgar	Can I bring another bitch or nah?
clean	Can I double stuff your Oreo?
vulgar	Can I get some good neck out dis hoe?
vulgar	Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws? Come to meet me without no drawers?
vulgar	Can I have a bad bitch without no flawwssss
vulgar	Can I pay you to stop being a Lil bitch? Gah damn shut the fuck up!
vulgar	Can I sit on your face Sit on a hot stove bitch
vulgar	Can i bring another bitch or nah
vulgar	Can my school please fuckin remove these random ass trash cans in the middle of the hallway that I always fuckin run into
vulgar	Can never follow bitches who's bios look like this
vulgar	Can really hold phone convos in my house with this trash ass service
vulgar	Can someone beat Justin beibers ass? He's such little pussy.
clean	Can someone get me cheese and crackers
clean	Can someone please explain to me, Why are the birds so angry destroying pigs homes?
vulgar	Can someone treat me to some grub? I'm broke bitch over here.
vulgar	Can these birds shut the fuck up
vulgar	Can this bitch already update
vulgar	Can this bitch hurry up... #INeedMyEigth
vulgar	Can this bitch sit the fuck down and shut the fuck up
vulgar	Can u say hoe hoe hoe? Ewww she was nasty. I was so mean to her on the daily. I'll spare the details lol.
clean	Can we bomb the selfie-monkey out of my timeline?
clean	Can we revisit s idea of two teams of playing against each other? I would like to see a game every now then.
vulgar	Can you catch a box hoe
vulgar	Can you catch a box hoe ?
vulgar	Can you imagine Tryn yo hardest to stop a bitch frm slutin and still comin up unsuccessful
vulgar	Can you let me stretch that pussy out or nah
vulgar	Can you let me stretch that pussy out or nahhh
vulgar	Can you really take dick or nah? Can I bring another bitch or nah?
vulgar	Can't be a major nigga with a minor hoe
clean	Can't be many things worse than having COPS interrupted because a friggin Yankee game is still going on.
clean	Can't beat a score of 12 on flappy bird #givingup
vulgar	Can't even sleep in the fucking car because this mother fucker drives like a retard and pumps the breaks too hard
clean	Can't find my BC powder .. I'll just chug this children's Advil
vulgar	Can't fuck wit no bitch ugly friends,
vulgar	Can't fuck with a coon ass girl bruh
vulgar	Can't fuck with no bitches. Just can't do it.
vulgar	Can't get no money from me you silly hoe
vulgar	Can't get no pussy to Kirk Franklin idc how long it's been for ya
vulgar	Can't have a bitch with no future or goals. I love kids but if you're not a parent first I can't deal with you
vulgar	Can't keep a bitch but its cool cause money still around
vulgar	Can't keep a shallow bitch if ya pockets ain't deep.
vulgar	Can't let nobody play my gta, bitches like using up all ya ammo n gettin ya dude kilt by the cops
vulgar	Can't neva be a sucka for no bitch.. That ain't me
vulgar	Can't no hoe #FixMyLife
vulgar	Can't save these hoes
vulgar	Can't stand a bitch that always feels the need to be doing somethin. Sit your ass at home and be bored you ain't gotta be a hoe all the time
vulgar	Can't stand a nigga that curve his boys for some hoes
vulgar	Can't stand a sob ass bitch
vulgar	Can't stand ghetto ratchet ass mofos
clean	Can't stand the Yankees but Jeter hitting a home run in his final at bat in NYC would be cool. Getting beaned would be better!
vulgar	Can't stand when I see a female just get out of relationship 2 days later their talking to another guy , hoes gonna be hoes smh
clean	Can't stop eating graham crackers
clean	Can't tell if Mexico has been impressive or if Brazil has just been trash today
vulgar	Can't tell me shit, cuz ion care bitch.
vulgar	Can't trust every face, bitch you gotta watch em
vulgar	Can't trust these bitches. And these niggas either.
vulgar	Can't trust these hoes... And when I say hoes I mean dudes to
vulgar	Can't turn a hoe into a house wife, #Fact
clean	Can't wait till I get my full appetite back. Only ate a half ghetto sandwich. No lettuce, no nothing.
vulgar	Can't wait till my bitches get here
vulgar	Can't wait to put this down payment on my bitch
vulgar	Can't wait to see my bitch dutchess
vulgar	Can't worry bout a bitch that ain't worried bout me
vulgar	Cancel that bitch like NINOOO
vulgar	Cancel that hoe! It ain't nothing to cut that b!tch off!
vulgar	Cancer is a hoe y'all pray for the people who have it.
vulgar	Cant handle this bitch and her elbow fat
vulgar	Cant play No games wit deze niggas or bitches
vulgar	Cant wait! All niggas wanna do at 45 is pop Viagra and pop young bitches
vulgar	Cants da coloreds and da white folk gets along? We all be da same cept da colored men gots da bigga dicks
clean	Cardinals score 1st. They lead 1-0 in the top 3rd with birds on base. #NLCS #SFvsSTL
vulgar	Carl try eat the pussy but that big ass nose be fucking shit up
vulgar	Carol is gonna George and Lenny this bitch.
vulgar	Carrahs a bitch...
vulgar	Carter needs to shut the fuck up, fucking bitch ass always trying to start shit
clean	Casey Matthews is so trash this is BIG
vulgar	Catch me fuckin off tonight ... #NoLineNoWait in that bitch as well... #MeetMeThere
vulgar	Catch me on the episode of Vampire Diaries tomorrow night. I bitch slap
vulgar	Catch this jet hoe
vulgar	Catch up with the Lingo itty bitty bitch
vulgar	Cause I'm a trophy hunting little bitch
vulgar	Cause I'm the type of NIGHHA to joke on you or to play around so don't be a little bitch
vulgar	Cause LSU trash Why they doin the College Playoff ranking shit so early?
vulgar	Cause bitch. I rather eat pussy then get mine ate.
vulgar	Cause you know.. Y'all hoes play entirely too much.
clean	Cavs trash too
vulgar	Cay got her whole lit new clicc from her school be on that bitch shit too me like ? Okay but anyways WE still DEM GIRLZ
vulgar	Cay said well bitch I THOT you was on house arrest so you ain't walking NO WHERE! OMG I hate her
vulgar	Celebratin while you hatin bitch.
vulgar	Celebrities teeth really be white as shit. I mean don't get me wrong my shit aint yellow by far but I need whatever toothpaste they be using
clean	Chaber Books: BRAGADAYJAH 24 Nimrod the Cushite, first king of the earth. See Bragadayjah 24
clean	Chaber Books: BRAGADAYJAH 315 Further restrictions on eating certain insects and birds
vulgar	Chad Jordan in this bitch.
clean	Chance is trash
vulgar	Chances make champions nicca ain't nothing stopping you
vulgar	Chances make champions nicca ain't nothing stopping you!
vulgar	Change the game on u bitches
clean	Char-broiled #cod, yellow #rice, sauted spinach and artichoke hearts. Made with love for .
vulgar	Charlene crave colored cock
clean	Charles Tillmans eyes are more yellow than corn
vulgar	Charles was eatin trash ass Dominoes in that pic...you know he was still poor at the time lol
clean	Charlie Baker for Mass Gov..the most lib newspaper in most lib state supports R for Gov! DoG via
clean	Charlie Baltimore look good for 45
clean	Charlie Clips vs Yung Ill review
clean	Charlie Crist (R, I, D - FL) rumored to demand a recount. #sayfie
clean	Charlie Crist Losing 50,000 Florida Jobs To Raise Minimum Wage Is Worth It - Conservative Byte via
clean	Charlie Crist and Rick Scott are both scumbags, however interesting that Crist has yet to run one, just one, positive political ad.
clean	Charlie Crist has asked to keep polls in Broward open until 9pm, claiming long lines. Media reports say turnout light in Broward.
clean	Charlie Crist wins Democratic primary in Florida governor's race, AP projects via
clean	Charlie Crist, outlawed, hated, rediculed and vilified for shaking the President's hand. What a country! What a democracy!
clean	Charlie Daniels Goes Off on Satanic Evil
clean	Charlie Daniels couldve done a better job! #MNF
clean	Charlie Furbush #WhyDidIGoogle
clean	Charlie Jacobs got confused about the ice bucket challenge and instead dumped a bucket of diamonds on his head.
clean	Charlie Kimball: I had nowhere to go #IndyCar #MAVTV500
clean	Charlie Parr! Mountain top music Fest
clean	Charlie Rangel: Some Republicans Believe That Slavery Isn't Over | Truth Revolt: Bam, Race Card Vote Democrats out
clean	Charlie Sheen
clean	Charlie Sheen never disappoints.
clean	Charlie Sheen wants to return to Two and a Half Men |
clean	Charlie Sheen's Video Message to President Obama
clean	Charlie and I!:) love that dog!!:)
clean	Charlie and Ron has constantly put out heat for their entire careers
clean	Charlie bit me
vulgar	Charlie horses suck ass #ouch
vulgar	Charlie is an ol hatin fool! #Scandal
clean	Charlie is so adorable.
clean	Charlie looking like he's the one that made that 3.
vulgar	Charlie not fukin around in Austin.. Every week somebody getting kicked off the team.
clean	Charlie xcx is bae
vulgar	Chase really got hoes in every state it's crazy his @ name the truth
vulgar	Chase the pussy, it's a sin. Falls in ya lap, it's a blessing.
vulgar	Cheated my way to get? Hahaha this bitch funny if youre so worried about me then stop subtweeting me dumb ass
vulgar	Cheater cheater pumpkin eater where'd you find that no good white trash hoe. #trashy #sloots
vulgar	Cheating isnt about good women and hoes.. Simply about an alternate nut.. Niggas cheat on good women everyday, B.
vulgar	Check his hoe for I check her
vulgar	Check your slutty fat girl friends instagram pics.See if she don't have five niggaz in every pic thirsting for fat girl pussy.
clean	Cheeky thoughts as the rooster crows.
clean	Cheer up Charlie.
clean	Cheers young lady foreverrrr younnnnng *grabs flask and chugs*
vulgar	Cheese bitch chupacabra looking fuxk
clean	Cheez-Its, Honey BBQ Lays, Oreos and a monstrous glass of 2% right now. I'm the skinny-fat poster boy.
vulgar	Chicago hoes love pink lipstick
vulgar	Chicago niggas tell bitches anything when they tryna do dat mfa..!!
vulgar	Chick fil a wasn't about anti gay. It was about the first ammendment. If you didn't get that then you have no right to bitch about rights.
vulgar	Chick got a man but no edges. Niggas got hoes but no diploma . Damn
vulgar	Chicks be mad at me for tweetin about hoes like I'm talkin about a specific someone lol sorry ladies if the shoe fits then wear it
vulgar	Chiefs fans are the only ones that claim my takes are wrong about Dogshit trash Quarterback Alex Smith.
vulgar	Chill bitch we ain't in love
vulgar	Chill with the thirst bitch my chicks right next to me! For real hoe!!
vulgar	Chill, I'm not a coon Sick of you fake bougie ass coons lol
vulgar	Chillin in the hood with my retarded ass homegirl. I feel at home.
vulgar	Chillin wit my bitch who never hesitates tonight.
vulgar	Chillin with my main hoe Becky
vulgar	Choate Chokes On Twinkies All the damn time I bet. #lol #Cardinals
vulgar	Chocolate cake is so trash.
vulgar	Chop the top on the Porsche that's a headless horse ... Extendo long as an extension cord bitch I ball like Jordan and I play full court
vulgar	Chris Brown get bitches bruh lmao
clean	Chris Paul trash LMFAO
vulgar	Chris a faggot
vulgar	Chris bosh made danny green his bitch last night
vulgar	Chuck E Cheese isn't the same as when I was a kid. Chuck a skinny bitch they took away the ball pit. Man wtf
clean	Ciara not a ghetto name.. Well kinda but its not ASHANTI
vulgar	Cigarette break nd wtf are Mt eyes glowing like Charlie Murphy in the madd real world lol
vulgar	Citi field bitches
clean	City highway skyscrapers building lights yellow blue
vulgar	Claim to be a boss but you a lil broke bitch
vulgar	Classy rich family kids doing drugs and tryina be all ghetto and shit,while actual ghetto poor kids looking for education to get outta there
vulgar	CleanUp bitch i just got off the phone with em!
clean	Clearly I'm afraid of birds
clean	Cleveland is the best team for manziel honestly the OC can use the offense he had with the redskins the browns D is nice wit a def HC
vulgar	Close your eyes and let the world paint a thousand pictures, one good girl is worth a thousand bitches...
vulgar	Cloud stay stealing peoples phrases first she takes jens by saying friend then she takes mine by saying my nigg get your own my nig dam
vulgar	Clown ass nigguh
vulgar	Clowney is a bitch nigga get his ass off my team
clean	Cmon! Need a yellow for Wilson!
vulgar	Cnt trust or won't spare a bitch ogd ,
vulgar	Cock slappin bitches since 95
vulgar	Cocky bitches with front teeth that stick out from suckin they thumb
vulgar	Cocoa puffs time bitch!!!!
vulgar	Code of slience pussy! HM nigga free my nigga ceddy. d ridah. quan. dollah. Dre n my nigga franc lukis n my nigga j mo
vulgar	Coke and white bitches.
vulgar	Col. Sanders, Part 2: ...and those sons of bitches they dragged it out and extended it and watered it down that Im so goddamn mad!
vulgar	Comcast stop being twat and actually work thanks
vulgar	Come back hoe
vulgar	Come for the brothas and other MOC about culture differences like... bitch plz
vulgar	Come get this catfish pussy
vulgar	Come her lil bitch I want that sloppy toppy
clean	Come home from work to Bridesmaids, Twinkies and a bottle of wine #bestroommateever
vulgar	Come on Tank, break dem hoes backs!
clean	Come on man Oreo needs to chill You know about these ? good or nah?
vulgar	Come out her pussy and go in her ass come out her ass and go in her mouth
vulgar	Come thru Keyshia you queen of THOTs bitch!!
vulgar	Comin from a fat bitch
vulgar	Commentators bitch at Bird for sliding but 2 Port guys do it to Buddy and it's Buddy's fault!?
vulgar	Completely off topic, idgaf about that pretty hoe tho
clean	Conan Obrien needs to get a life with that $80 million..monkey food maybe.
vulgar	Confident in one way, pussy in another. So strange
clean	Confusing circumstances seem to get in the way of your high ho... More for Virgo
vulgar	Congrats on being a cunt, and doing your make up worse than a 12 year old. Ugly bitch
vulgar	Congratulations, your just like every other stuck up materialistic American bitch.
clean	Conoc tus ojos negros Y ahora si que no puedo vivir sin ellos
vulgar	Control yo hoes..
vulgar	Controlled the aux cord the whole two and a half hour drive home and didn't repeat a single song. Bet your boyfriend couldn't do that bitch
vulgar	Cooking breakfast in the nude is wifey status? Fuck no. I have actually cooked before I aint about to get no grease burns on my nips!
clean	Cool, fun thing to ponder: the myriad of space trash traveling at thousands of miles per hour right above you
vulgar	Coons these hoes love putting spaghetti and salad on the same fucking plate....*smh*
clean	Coors light is trash. Yuck. I don't even like beer.
vulgar	Corey is trash
clean	Correction: when the sky is yellow, death is upon us. No. I'm scared
vulgar	Correction: He better bring ONE classy bitch home because momma ain't going to be dealing with random hoes in the house !
vulgar	Cost $250 I ain't buying no pussy I got too many followers for that u in Vegas. Dont miss opportunities
vulgar	Coulda been fckd yo bitch
vulgar	Couldn't care less about any bitch
vulgar	Couldn't pull my nigga in ya wettest dreams hoe
vulgar	Counting money while my bitches sleep.
clean	Country Bumpkin Word of the Day : yokel
vulgar	Country music and rap music both talk about the same basic shit repetitively. Cars/trucks, bitches/women, beer/drugs. Guns lol
vulgar	Cousins looking for bitches I hope THE FUCK IS THIS?
vulgar	Cowboys are the best in the NFC. About time these faggots got their shit together
vulgar	Crack cocaine can steal your bitch from you
vulgar	Craig fire that shit up hoe
vulgar	Crangrape good pussy
vulgar	Crank up a little hank, sit on the hood and drink, I'm about to get my redneck on
clean	Craving brownies
vulgar	Crazy ass! I been acting so mean ratchet and ghetto I crack myself up
vulgar	Crazy bitch - Buckcherry
vulgar	Creeping Death still stuck in my head bitch
vulgar	Creeping with my side bitch hope I don't get caught cheating
vulgar	Crop top and some high waisted shorts way to not look like an underage cunt lmfao
vulgar	Cruise's recent comments make him a bigger douchebag than Charlie Sheen he didn't even have any Tiger Blood
vulgar	Cruisin round the street in my 64, jockin the bitches, slappin the hoes
vulgar	Cruising in my go kart at walmart selling cupcakes, go ahead admit faggot, this shit is tighter than butt rape~
vulgar	Crying to the G20 that some Americans don't like you might call you names, we call that being a crybaby bitch; 0bama.
vulgar	Crystal got all the hoes.
vulgar	Cuffin these hoes man that's where you went bad at. You prolly gettin laughed at Cuz everybody smashed that
vulgar	Cuffing is a no no. My ring finger? Stay solo. Why be in a relationship, if you not letting your hoes go?
vulgar	Cuh, this is our SCRUM #FallSevens #DisTONGA #NiniWubbsMe We're finna smash some bitches #Rugby
vulgar	Cunts, cunts everywhere.
vulgar	Curly girls is where its at and you bitches need to get with it
vulgar	Current emotion-Broke ass bitch
clean	Currently being hit with the jig. Word.
vulgar	Currently listening to The Imperial March Traditionally only played when preparing to slash bitches.
vulgar	Currently sitting down wishing a bitch would.
vulgar	Currently, Sup twat licker
vulgar	Cus you gt d hoes
vulgar	Customer Service? I really need this bitch to get the fxck out my business. Just open my new account and leave me alone .
vulgar	Customers be tryna act like you don't understand what they're saying, no bitch, YOU don't understand what I'M saying.
vulgar	Cut deses bitches off like Hibachi
vulgar	Cut that bitch off !!
vulgar	Cut them niggas off they aint yo friends , Cut them bitches off they just pretend
vulgar	Cut these hoes off right now I really need to , ion really know girl but I believe in u
vulgar	Cute Japanese teen gets her tiight pussy fucked while suckingcock
vulgar	Cute buff guy walked in and then he opened his mouth and he was a flipping retard
clean	Cute dumb females trash.
vulgar	Cute teen gets her pussy flooded withcum
vulgar	Cutler less skill at QB than a retarded quadriplegic
clean	Cuz if it's trash I'm bashing it at saying he need to go back to jail
vulgar	Cuz its 187 how im killin these hoes
vulgar	Cuz pussy's only pussy man i get it when i need it
vulgar	Cuz they dont wanna b saved Why is saving hoes bad?
vulgar	Cuz u a hoe
vulgar	Cuz you a hoe fair exchange yall have sex with a dude then he buy you a bag or pay your rent, whats that?
vulgar	DCC bitches knocked out on the grass
clean	DEREK JETER clap clap clapclapclap #Yankees
vulgar	DMV nigguh dress funny as hell
vulgar	DO IT DO IT! You'll still e a fag but do it(: I'll pass Heidi. ;)
clean	DRUGS Is why #Giants are losing. Just ask #barrybonds and the HEDGE BET FUND #WorldSeriesGame6 #faggots
vulgar	Da bitch mouf was smellin like da porta potties at da mustang field
vulgar	Da fuq ho
vulgar	Da house next door to me been sold to honkies
vulgar	Daaamn lmao right back to them old ways Look at this hoe ass nigga covering Wiz face you hoe
vulgar	Dab r us nigguh
clean	Dad bought me a brownie shake #lovehim
clean	Dad brought me home a watermelon eegee, but I don't like it so it's going in the trash
clean	Dad called me a border hopper
vulgar	Dad: Why are your eyes so red? Son: I smoked weed, Dad. Dad: Don't lie to me, you were crying because you are a faggot.
vulgar	Daddy cracker and a few bad bitches...
clean	Dafuq is floppy bird ?
vulgar	Daiya Nagore gets her pussy fucked and sucks cock forpleasure.
clean	Dallas hoe Why
vulgar	Dam i just gotta hope that niggah dont snitch
vulgar	Dam this niggah trippin off ecstasy
vulgar	Damn It's kinda trash man How many of you actually have had a threesome. Honestly
clean	Damn Charlie Wilson is still around?
vulgar	Damn I hate a bitch that like to argue and shit
vulgar	Damn I hate a bitch who like to argue and shit
clean	Damn I think your redskins lost
vulgar	Damn I use to be a big fan of Ronda, but so far she's been a big cunt #TUF
vulgar	Damn I'm in da mood to eat sum pussy who got it fresh on a platter for me # teamfluffnevabluff
clean	Damn Joe Buck just making it sound like Greinke was trash when he played for the Royals. Chill out Joe.
vulgar	Damn Kaepernick is trash man
vulgar	Damn Karlie Redd, now all these hoes done seen your man junk
vulgar	Damn bird nearly gave me a heart attack...! And all she said was Oh. Bitch Oh..??
vulgar	Damn bitch gotta bootay
vulgar	Damn bitch thnx
vulgar	Damn bitch you nosey please don't touch my phone please
vulgar	Damn bro im hungry then a hoe rt and ain't got shit to eat at the crib fuckkkk
vulgar	Damn change change niccas
vulgar	Damn girl I'll be your porch monkey
clean	Damn internal alarm clock. Woke up at 6:35am feeling chunky from my 3am Cheerios splurge. Guilt led me to the treadmill. #Gym #nosleep
clean	Damn it be cold fo a colored man
vulgar	Damn lol Take a picture, it last longer than staring like a weird ass bitch.
vulgar	Damn rednecks outside shooting guns keep waking my kids up. No sleep for us tonight. Thanks #2A! Work at 8am is going to be so great...
vulgar	Damn some Oreos would be so fucking clutch right now!!!
vulgar	Damn that bitch dumb
vulgar	Damn the bad thing about having side hoes is you can't get mad when they don't hit you up all day
vulgar	Damn they act like Bron tore his ACL! Toughen up bitch! Lol
vulgar	Damn this bitch crazy
vulgar	Damn this bitch nasty lol
clean	Damn those shiner rock those bud light platinum and that ciroc
vulgar	Damn who knew this whole time that I was the angry negro dude?
vulgar	Damn you a hoe
vulgar	Damn, birds stay shitting on my car..
vulgar	Damn.. lol *CENSORED* Redskins Bitch!!!! Lets fucking go fuck the eagles we bout to burn that bitch down!! HTTR
vulgar	Damn...payback is a bitch
clean	Daniel, there's no cow tipping and hoe downs in Jackson... This city living lol
vulgar	Danny Brown better put out more music before he ODs, that dude is out his fuckin bird
vulgar	Danny Chris and I should not be allowed out in public together #cunts
vulgar	Dark skinned girls with blonde hair need to stop it. The only bitch that can rock that is Dijonay from The Proud Family.
clean	Darkies DGAF! gotta chill wit his yellow #4thofJulyFly outfit man
vulgar	Dat bitch a Thot
vulgar	Dat bitch gotta lay on her back to pee
vulgar	Dat bitch had noo cheeks!
vulgar	Dat bitch mouth made da honor roll
vulgar	Dat bitch wild as shit lls
clean	Dat da bad thing bout being colored. Day bring me in to fight but don't vite me to da victory partay
vulgar	Dat hoe smelt like she was on her period
vulgar	Dat nicca had Jordan cleats!
vulgar	Dat nicca paper Fuwop n da booth
vulgar	Date a thug because you know they won't pussy out when it comes to defending you. #felonsplease
vulgar	Dating you would be like Darnell dating that fatal attraction bitch Brandy lol
vulgar	Dats y I don't argue wit Dese bitches lol
vulgar	Dave Chappelle turned into a BEAST! he WISHES someone would tell him I'm Rick James bitch so he can whoop that ass!
vulgar	David is bitch made #HeIsMyBitch
vulgar	David is my bitch
vulgar	Dawg ass hoes
vulgar	Dawg oriental flavored noodles go so fuckin hard b Lmfaoo! Fuckin coon. Smh
clean	Dawg!! Man this about to be another trash Thursday night game
vulgar	Dawg, what the fuck happened to so and so where did they go? Too worried bout bitches and fashion they go missing in action..
vulgar	Day juan at the Jim, and Im in total bitch mode for hopefully a week. Ty
vulgar	Dayum u gyp, u gone have mfs thinking im wiping my face w/pissy diapers n shyt grrrrrr
vulgar	De Niro's wife in Casino is the second biggest cunt of all time, first is still George's mother in Blow
vulgar	Dead af, stupid bitches still talking shit
vulgar	Deandre Jordan banged dat bitch
clean	Dear God, forgive us for a moral slope of values. Shacking is just a pretty word for perpetual fornication. Let's...
vulgar	Dear Von Miller, Karmas a bitch.
vulgar	Dear grumpy bitch at gibsons, no one wants to hear about your personal life.
vulgar	Dear inconsiderate ghetto fuck on the train across from me: ya know your phone has options other than speaker phone right?!?
vulgar	Dear ugly hoes: Stop playing hard to get, you're already hard to want.
vulgar	Dear whores: Don't tell me I can't dance when the only dancing you do is open your legs and shake your ass like a video ho to shitty rap.
clean	Debating feminism with a gay professor uninformed girls and low IQ rednecks is not my idea of a fun Wednesday night
clean	Decent trade for the #Yankees, a proven veteran #Ichiro for some prospects
vulgar	Dedication 4 hoe
vulgar	Dee Gordon getting to he can fuck my bitch status with all these SBs
vulgar	Deez fat hoes kill me. I ain't seen this much crack since they locked meech up.lmfao
vulgar	Deez hoes be actin up..
vulgar	Deez niggas pussy so fuck em deez niggas ass so buss em
clean	Defiantly going to see that new planet of the apes tonight
clean	Define wigga
vulgar	Deion's a bitch
vulgar	Dekalb police are some hoes...
vulgar	Delete this! Lmao bruno mars and el debarge both cop blow from the same nicca....but don't mind me tho
clean	Delusional #teabagger thinks he can stop #gay marriage in #Wisconsin #lgbt #teaparty #gaymarriage #ssm
vulgar	Dem hoes be peeping out my dougie
vulgar	Dem hoes more This nigga out here fucking retired widows New Race, fuck Black Woman
vulgar	Dem niccas run plays too quick
vulgar	Denzel did his mf thang in his new movie boy I swear OML he played the shit outta that bitch had me in the movies ready to be a killer
vulgar	Denzie boutta be takin erry body bitch now!
vulgar	Des hoes silly goose's
vulgar	Des popcorn hoes be in da way all the time mannn :\
vulgar	Dese bitches actin like they loyal give dat hoe a Oscar
vulgar	Dese niggaz on Dat guala shit.......
clean	Designer belt with a trash fit is still trash..
clean	Despite the zebra red rocket special, portland beats those jersey shore floppers.
vulgar	Destiny's Child song Say My Name is the insecure bitches anthem.
vulgar	Detroit Lions, bitch
vulgar	Detroit nicca but I'm good in the A!!
vulgar	Dey gave da wrong nicca money
vulgar	Dey put us on lockdown cus dey searchin bitches cars fa dat dope
clean	Dey wants to rename our main street MLK Blvd. I told dem dat will even scare da colored folks away
vulgar	Dez is caked up with some bitch or something cause hes not playing like Dez Bryant
vulgar	Dhugga Dhugga baby D H U G E R kiss a nigga bitch perfect no CPR
clean	Diabetes galore Colorado health officials recommend pot brownie ban
vulgar	Dick game make a faithful bitch start cheat in
vulgar	Dick so little ugly hoes tryna find me.
vulgar	Did I just see a white bitch getting licked between her legs by a dog? Nasty fuck!
vulgar	Did Miguel just Hulkamania Leg Drop a bitch from the top rope???
clean	Did everyone else's parents use to refer to the Power Puff Girls as Powder Puff Girls, or were mine just exceptionally retarded?
vulgar	Did he say the tastiest cuts or cunts??
vulgar	Did he say wayne chung bitch ?
vulgar	Did la mulatta just refer to herself as a darkie?
vulgar	Did one of the biggest hoes around really just retweet that?
clean	Did the Italian bird just call Janet a calzone? #UNCLEtweet
vulgar	Did this bitch really just ask me do I have a badge to be in this building while going to my floor. White people just don't change at all.
vulgar	Did we just become best friends with these hoes on the boat? Well probably so but we don't love em tho
vulgar	Did you all hear this #bundy redneck? Someone should show him how niggas play.
vulgar	Did you punk bitches take my salmon cream cheese?
clean	Didn't get to hit the slopes today, but snowboarding lessons first thing in the morning! #excited
vulgar	Didn't know Alberta had Brampton bitches #flourish
vulgar	Die twice bitch Thank you. you're the filthiest hoe of all time
vulgar	Diets aren't for alcoholics.......a bitch be tipsy quick from eating veggies and shit
vulgar	Difference between niggers and niggas. #Tupac my OG
clean	Ding ding ding Sagittarius - trash.
vulgar	Dino in rare form Mind your business hoe Annually Smh Webb hurt
vulgar	Dirty hoe
vulgar	Dirty pop on the counter bitch dirty in it
vulgar	Dis be one sexy bitch
vulgar	Dis bitch a wizard Snd me nudes like dis lol her couch floatin? Wtf
vulgar	Dis bitch blowin me man fuck u
vulgar	Dis bitch by my side and I'll never be broken.
vulgar	Dis bitch got these Flintstone sandals
vulgar	Dis hoe got uh dinguling nose
vulgar	Dis hoe wasnt dis violent on Lottery Ticket
clean	Dis nicca went in on dat I Keep tryin
clean	Dis nicca lame
vulgar	Dis niga at da gas station trippin. Tol his bitch bitch who dnt wana ride wit a niga n a caddy on4s trued up bitch jus shut the fck up lol
vulgar	Dis nigga look retarded
vulgar	Disgusting GTFOHHHHH Mom just bought me a pet nigger
clean	Disturbing: feeling pressure from #ISIS fanboys, Al Qaeda fanboys resort to celebrating 9/11 to reclaim their Jihadi bona fides
vulgar	Dj Khaled a fool .!!! 500k for a ring for Nikki? That bitch spends a good million on her ugly ass wigs
vulgar	Dj Khaled is retarded
vulgar	Dnt play with yo girl heart thats why her pussy there for .
vulgar	Do as I say soo R muthaafuckin J hoe
clean	Do birds have dongs? How do they mate? Help me, I'm an adult who doesn't know how animal sex works!!!
clean	Do girls wear bathrobes still cuz I have really cute fuzzy $60 bathrobe from Victorias Secret, is that even ok to wear
vulgar	Do these glasses make my cunt look fat?
vulgar	Do we love these hoes?
vulgar	Do y'all remember when Twitter took away verified check after Chris Brown broke up with her lmao stupid bitch
vulgar	Do you ever look zayn and be like he cunt be reel #EMABiggestFans1D
vulgar	Do you expect me to be cute with you? Oh, hell no. I'm not a bitch, cuteness gets you planted in a relationship; a relationship you'll hate.
clean	Do you have a nickname? What is it? Tator, Tator tot, Tightey whitey, whitey Jr, Taylor whitey pants, agent ti...
clean	Do you know where I grew up Skippy?
clean	Do you really believe people evolved from apes? Not really. I'm quiet convinced with the evolution of man but ...
vulgar	Do your dick hang low, do it wobble to and fro, can you tie it in a knot, can you stick it in a hoe?
vulgar	Does SZA have freckles on her pussy too?
clean	Does it bother anyone else that the planet of the apes timeline makes no sense?
vulgar	Dog I think it's a nigga dyke I was wondering the same Is the person that sing No Flex Zone a male or female?
vulgar	Doing her thang for you shoutout that real bitch
vulgar	Dom calls me bitch boy
clean	Dominoes, moonlit lake, Velvet Underground, honey whiskey = white trash heaven. I accept your ridicule...but just tonight.
clean	Dont believe APs ho-hum tone: latest poll is great news for Republicans - Hot Air
vulgar	Don't k me you bitch
vulgar	Don't Hillary's verbal responses and aggressive interactions suggest either brain damage or a need for meds? Or maybe she's just a bitch!
vulgar	Don't act all shy, bitch slop that up.
vulgar	Don't be a broke hoe hating on a paid hoe!-#PimpChampaign
vulgar	Don't be a fool, wrap your tool! ....unless you wanna be a ratchet white bitch at the clinic with 4 baby daddies. She's apparently exempt
vulgar	Don't be a little bitch or I'll do this to you:)
vulgar	Don't be a pussy.
vulgar	Don't be fooled I kickit with niggas and bitches older then you so . . .
vulgar	Don't be mad cause yo bitch Choosin
vulgar	Don't be mad cause yo bitch Choosin and I put her ass in the Jacuzzi SPLASH
vulgar	Don't be no bitch not speak when I initiate a friendly hello.
vulgar	Don't be using teeth, hoe that's childish
vulgar	Don't blame me blame ya bitch can't help she want a nigga
vulgar	Don't bring dat police ass nicca round me
vulgar	Don't concern yourself wit my mingling with other bitches.
clean	Don't dance, Iggy. It's trash just like your music.
vulgar	Don't ever be ashamed of who you are, unless you're a hoe.
vulgar	Don't ever kiss the other girl in a 3some, don't hug that hoe none of that
clean	Don't follow the astros they said. They're trash they said. Well now look at them #astros
vulgar	Don't fucc wit Coward cuz he a bitch n left LA
vulgar	Don't fuck widd no baby ass bitch in the words of deja lol
vulgar	Don't fuck with girls that wear beanies
vulgar	Don't fw sloppy hoes, You might catch somethin..
vulgar	Don't get a mf attitude bitch. I'm not about to justify shit.
vulgar	Don't get yo bitch ass killed in new Atlanta baby!
vulgar	Don't get your main bitch and side bitch confused, there's a big difference.
vulgar	Don't hit me up talking bout who that bitch under yo pic.. Get yo ass treated
vulgar	Don't judge me.. i am vindictive and vengeful when it comes to bitches disrespecting me.
vulgar	Don't kiss these hoes in the mouth. Unless you have to.
vulgar	Don't know no ugly bitches, don't know no broke niggas. Don't know no snitch niggas
vulgar	Don't let the hoes lie to you!!
vulgar	Don't let the power of the dollar turn you into a hoe.
vulgar	Don't let this natural hair care shit fool you. Some of you hoes need a perm.
vulgar	Don't lose sleep bout these bitches bc they come and go
vulgar	Don't love these hoes don't lean on bitches
vulgar	Don't love yo bitch, just fuck yo bitch when I got time to do it
vulgar	Don't make me make you fall in love with a bitch* like me
vulgar	Don't make me take yo bitch nigga
clean	Don't mind that Twinkies are gonna be gone, very concerned about the rest of hostesses product line
vulgar	Don't no nigga want an artificial bitch ... Let me repeat that.... Not one !!!
vulgar	Don't play with my emotions. I gotta make some Bla$t $plash when I get back.. That hoe will have you gone.
vulgar	Don't put too much effort into these bitches if you ain't gettin none back. Give them exactly what they give you
clean	Don't really care if a fighters black, white, yellow or Dalmatian. If he is good he is good.
vulgar	Don't subtweet me @ my name so I no it's real ugly bitch
clean	Don't talk about Homecoming until you actually do it. Otherwise, anti-NF people have a reason to mock the Party.
vulgar	Don't talk to her like that. I did a search for lying evil cunt and guess what? You came top x
vulgar	Don't tell me Ryan Tannehill's better than Dogshit Alex Smith's trash ass too. Fuck.
vulgar	Don't throw me the pussy! Let me come get it
vulgar	Don't touch me bitch I'm famous.
vulgar	Don't touch no sloppy hoes, You might catch somethin..
vulgar	Don't trust a bitch who's nail polish is chipping off.
vulgar	Don't trust these hoes
vulgar	Don't try and pull that fake friend shit on me bitch.
vulgar	Don't worry about the bitches I use to fuck wit.
vulgar	Don't worry bout me I got it all arranged bitch. Mind your business, stay in your lane bitch #vote5sos #EMABiggestFans1D
vulgar	Don't you hate that dumb ass voice that everyone uses when they try to mock something you said?
vulgar	Don't you hate when someone you care about is dating a hoe but they won't listen to you?
clean	Done for the Yankees
vulgar	Dont believe them hoes.
vulgar	Dont ever really talk about your intentions to your boy that nigga might just turn around and take that pussy
vulgar	Dont fuck wit broke bitches
vulgar	Dont you talk when im talking, you better mute it hoe
clean	Dooms.. White nubuck or leather for the upper of the foam makes them a pass to me. White soles too.
clean	Double Stuff Oreos mane say
vulgar	Double tap and imma be honest hoe honest hoe
vulgar	Double up on that blow bitch!
clean	Doug Martin trash
vulgar	Down to catch a body bitch!
clean	Draft Drinking Game: chug a beer everytime you see a black woman crying.
clean	Drake T.I 3 Stacks, Kendrick Name a rapper that alot of people like...but you think is trash
vulgar	Drake gets the bitches
vulgar	Drake vs. Tyga beef, Yung Berg, Lil Fizz, Chris Brown bitch rants on Twitter, ILOVEMAKONNEN getting drug off stage. Light skins taking L's
vulgar	Drake was singing that shit so bitches would buy NWTS...lmao. Nobody even remembers that album
vulgar	Dream job for a pedophile dressing up like mickey mouse and hugging kids all day
clean	Dreamed I was eating a brownie and started salivating and woke up almost coughing myself to death. Today is a struggle.
vulgar	Dreaming of the pussy that I slept on, cat nap.
vulgar	Dress like a hoe, I'm goin at you like a hoe just like any other nite. Forget Halloween.
vulgar	Dress like you're gonna see that bitch you hate everyday ?
clean	Dress shirt, saggy jeans, backwards Yankee hat now that's lifting swag
vulgar	Drink up bitches
vulgar	Drinking Coronas.... These bitches are quite tasty. .
vulgar	Drinking Thai-Tea while watching male drama queens bitch on Facebook. Whole lot of snitching going on.
clean	Drinking folie a deux wine and playing fall out bird hahaha
clean	Drita is that nicca! Lmao
vulgar	Driving the fucktardmobile - tranny slips and all.
vulgar	Drop dead gorgeous a bitch ain't dying for a nigga
vulgar	Drop dead gorgeous but the bitch ain't dying for a nigga
vulgar	Drop her off? dat bitch a be walking if i wus driving....
vulgar	Drop it down for a niggah
vulgar	Dropped all my hoes for someone. But was that a good decision ? Find out on the next episode of DragonBallZ
vulgar	Dropped all my hoes hold on let me pick these bitches back up a nigga was sneaking and geekin
vulgar	Druggys with hoes again gotta have the dopest video ever.
vulgar	Drunk inlove with my gun bae bitch Beyonc
vulgar	Drunkkkk HotBoxing these kushy blunts straight bumpin #AOB this hoe on some other shit bro i got mind fucked like when black zetzu betrayed
vulgar	Dude I work with is so pussy.
vulgar	Dude live next to me be hitting some ugly ass hoes Got Damn
vulgar	Dude said 1:30 bitch I took a whole nap before my 5:30 midterms
vulgar	Dude said ice jj fish created player on 2k retarded too lol
clean	Dude was talmbout I don't know why everyone hates Nickelback! Because they're trash, that's why.
vulgar	Dude why do i have to be such a bitch..? Like i'm confused.
vulgar	Dudes is calling bitches out left and right today #mybabyisallgrownup
vulgar	Dudes a faggot Pahahaha
vulgar	Dudes have problems deciphering sex too.Side bitches get wifely love.You can't keep a secret if you're overdoing dirt.
vulgar	Dudes kill me with that I wouldn't mess with Khloe Kardashian if she ain't have money I've seen the hoes y'all be hitting get real
vulgar	Dudes probably just think eating pussy is sucking on pussy lips
vulgar	Dudes proudly volunteer to be baby daddy #2,3,4 and 5.Whether they'll be a father or not all over some pussy property.
vulgar	Dudes stay trying to hit on someone elses bitch, knowing they already taken.
vulgar	Duh. Aka Shitty Nights. City Nights is hella #ghetto
vulgar	Dumb ass bitch
vulgar	Dumb ass bitch i swear
vulgar	Dumb ass fake bitches childish shit!!! Talk mad shit about each other and back to BEST FRIENDS? lmao
vulgar	Dumb ass hoe
vulgar	Dumb ass student gets trapped in a giant #pussy sculpture #germany #wtf #funny #hornymen
vulgar	Dumb bitch
vulgar	Dumb bitch don't know her colors
vulgar	Dumb bitch leave me alone
vulgar	Dumb bitches are one thing that'll never become extinct..
vulgar	Dumb bitches that think Buddha says namaste
vulgar	Dumb cunt
vulgar	Dumb little broad , move the fuck along bitch
vulgar	Dumb nigguh
clean	Dumpster Gahbage Chicks that smoke are trash. No in between. No debate.
vulgar	Dwight could've had me instead of that ugly young hoe
vulgar	Dyke pastors be in The Lords house tryna cuff all the pussy bruh bruh
clean	E250 5.4 motor and tranny I have a 2008 5.4 triton motor and Transmission with 5,200 miles that came off a E250...
vulgar	EBHGJHBGJBEJFB I saw this: ACH WEBSINGLE XXXXX8898 MARYLANDUNEMPINS And was like some bitch named Mary Landunem STOLE MY MONEY!
vulgar	EJ wanna be Michael Sam bitch so bad.
clean	EXPOSED: Jihadi kidnap and murder handbook... and plan to infiltrate British Army and police via
vulgar	Eagles fans will always be annoying faggots
vulgar	Eagles fucking trash
clean	Early bird catches the worm
clean	Early bird catches the worm
clean	Early bird get the worm.
clean	Early bird gets the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese #RiseNGrind
clean	Early bird gets the worm right? Hopefully I get a job soon after today!
clean	Early bird gets the worm!
clean	Early bird gets the worm!
clean	Early bird gets the worm.... #GoGetIt
clean	Early morning beer as a reward for waking up and taking the trash out
clean	Early worm gets the bird #Bslfe #GoodMorning
vulgar	Easy Congo! Fuckin faggot All though I eat my lunch on the road frequently
vulgar	Easy bitch how ? Lmfaoooooooooo She was my girl
vulgar	Easy pussy doesn't motivate me
vulgar	Eat a dick bitch
vulgar	Eat her pussy when she mad Eat her pussy when she sad Eat her pussy when she sleep Eat her pussy when she horny EAT HER PUSSY
vulgar	Eat my dick bitch
vulgar	Eat so much pussy that my mustache pink
vulgar	Eat that pussy like cold pizza...
vulgar	Eat that pussy like i got the munchies,
vulgar	Eat the pussy like
vulgar	Eat your vegetables or you'll grow up to be a pussy
clean	Eating brownies and then going to the gym... Idk
vulgar	Eating pussy is fun
vulgar	Eating pussy on top of my shoulders
vulgar	Eattin all this pussy im startin to get chubby
clean	Egypt? R the muzzie Bros still running things? . Only a tad better. Certainly no respectors of Dem though
vulgar	Either yall niggas just hella funny or she just tryna hoe around the block but you know..
vulgar	Elizabeth is a stupid hoe
vulgar	Elizbian is bitch and likes women
clean	Embrace it. Love it. Flip this group of mine runoff water colored turds off and make a pick.
vulgar	Emd hoe
vulgar	Emoji ass nigguh
clean	Endless but they really trash so none Men: how many positive(s) and possibles do y'all have on fri thru sun night?
vulgar	Energy vampires all around this bitch.
clean	Enjoy 50% off #DC tickets with our code and check us out at booth #640! Vegan brownies samples more!
clean	Enjoying My bed. Just perfect For me My Teddy bear and monkey It. #Singlelife #bed #teddybear
clean	Enjoying the eccentricity of s AmeriCarna. Charlie Daniels appearances in two of the three episodes I have watched.
clean	Epic mickey time? Nahh.. Two and a half men while i shiver. Tht sounds more like it.
vulgar	Erica so desperate she bragging bout flawging ass Scrapy eating her pussy... wow he ur baby daddy dumb bitch I'm sure u gave he dome as well
vulgar	Errrnigga tryna fuck the next nigga bitch not knowin his bitch is the next nigga bitch
vulgar	Esp when bitches are after my leftover always hyping niggas. I made him pick another ugly nigga to put on top.
vulgar	Especially dem souf niccas, dat shit was outrageous
vulgar	Especially that wee cunt that walks about tensing all the time lol, sup wae that shit? You are 5 foot fuck all. Tank my motherfucking arse
vulgar	Europeans taste-test America's most white trash snacks via This is hilarious! #foodie-ish
vulgar	Evan Williams wit me, we find a bitch; have a minaj
vulgar	Evan. Buy me polo I will eat your pussy till the receipt expire
clean	Even Humming birds like the stuff
vulgar	Even bitches with bad attitudes bumpin to our tunes.. They high maintenance.
vulgar	Even gtta AK sittn at my bitch house
clean	Even liberals are humiliated by Charlie Rangels claim the GOP backs slavery - Hot Air
vulgar	Even my moms knows I don't fuck with ghetto people
clean	Even the birds think this waking up early thing is bunk.
vulgar	Even the young kardashians are hoes lol
vulgar	Even these pretty bitches mad self conscious, if that Instagram pic don't get enuff love it gets #takendown
vulgar	Even they know you my bitch
clean	Even though Lil Wayne's music has turned into trash, No Ceilings and I Am Not A Human Being will always be my favorites.
vulgar	Ever leave me around yo bitch and ima get her stoned
vulgar	Ever pop a bag of chips and that bitch bust open on the end facing the fuckin floor
vulgar	Every Psychology class has that annoying cunt who relates everything to herself just bc she has ADD and her parents got divorced #NoOneCares
vulgar	Every bitch that love, bank account in overdraft
vulgar	Every bitch was born to break a man
clean	Every character on #Thesimpsons is trash. And they're trash on purpose. If you don't get that, you don't get the joke.
vulgar	Every chick say that she a bad bitch.
vulgar	Every day I wake up celebrating. Why? I just dodged a bullet from a crazy bitch.
vulgar	Every good story starts off with So this bitch... lol
vulgar	Every half-breed cop in America is trying to rape white women.
vulgar	Every nigga can make a female act like a bitch. #ThatsAFact
vulgar	Every nigga tryna fuck the next nigga bitch but not knowing his bitch is the next nigga bitch
vulgar	Every nigga tryna fuck the next nigga bitch not knowing his bitch is the next nigga bitch!
vulgar	Every nigga trynna fuc the next nigga bitch not knowing his bitch is the next nigga bitch
vulgar	Every one of then would just be adding me to their collections of hoes
vulgar	Every pussy the same but I feel like I ain't get enough
vulgar	Every real nicca need a real bitch! #JayFacts
vulgar	Every time I fuck, I gotta hit me least like two bitches...
clean	Every time I play a Patapon game and hear the Ushishi Theme, I think of a beatboxing monkey. YO YO YO GET UPPA!!!
vulgar	Every time I'm posted up using my phone a Macy's employee wanna scare me bitches
vulgar	Every time my mom calls me it's to bitch at me about something lol
vulgar	Everybody , Everybody everybody, Everybody sit yo bitch ass down and listen to this true motherfuckin told by Kendrick lamar rolls crash
vulgar	Everybody was bout to fuck a fat bitch
vulgar	Everybody fucking everybody bitch everybody with the shit ....that's LIFE
vulgar	Everybody got foreign bitches and foreign cars
vulgar	Everybody got some to say everybody hate if you ask me every bitch gay
vulgar	Everybody is being a bitch at my house
clean	Everybody loves pot brownies, but I bring crystal meth cupcakes to a party, Suddenly I'm the weirdo
vulgar	Everybody that's still on Facebook ghetto or pregnant idc.
vulgar	Everyday I wake up I got a different bitch
vulgar	Everyday I wake up celebrating, why? I just dodged a bullet from a crazy bitch.
vulgar	Everyone Needs To Stop Bitchin about Jeter... Youre witnessing the last week of baseball from the greatest player to wear a Yankees uniform
clean	Everyone is talking about LeBron James or The Voice and I'm just here eating cream filling out of Oreos.
vulgar	Everyone liked evil me. This me is a pussy. Fuck compassion.
vulgar	Everyone staring at me like whats this bitch doing here
vulgar	Everyone that says #LetsMakeItAwkward is a queer. #JustMadeItAwkward
clean	Everyone thinks that I'm not the person on my id. Like look at my moles, I don't understand.. Like I colored my hair what a big difference
vulgar	Everyone up north is getting pregnant I'm glad my bitch ass moved down here
vulgar	Everything don't deserve a reaction. So don't think because you do something that I'm jump..no, bitch I'm focused on money not your sad ass
vulgar	Everytime I clean the room my mom tells me what bitch is coming over this time lmao what a dick !!
vulgar	Everytime I fuck I gotta hit me at least two bitches
vulgar	Everytime I go out I ain't never wit no new bitches #cuzzints
clean	Everywhere you look, all you see is hillbilly deluxe... Big timin in a small town. #smalltownproblems #neversaiditwasabadthing #brooksndunn
vulgar	Ew I hate when ratchet ass hoes post stranger danger ewww bitch
vulgar	Ew wtf lol Lmfaooooo LMFAOOOOOOOOO bitches goin gay for this?
vulgar	Ewh bitch you look like an inbred.
vulgar	Ewww bitch #canunot #fuckoff
clean	Except I used to be super tan and now I'm yellow/pale lol...
vulgar	Except dat Hazel nigga.. I think all dem hoes on LAHHH regular....I know I can hit all of em too
vulgar	Excuse me, here's your nose. I found it in my business hoe.
vulgar	Exes swear they can do better, then you see their next bitch .....
vulgar	Experience Charlie. Married woman who loves hot phone sex with strangers. Can you get me off? - 27
vulgar	Experience Charlie. Married woman who loves hot phone sex with strangers. Can you get me off? - 27
clean	Experience Charlie. Married woman who loves hot phone sex with strangers. Can you get me off? - 27
vulgar	Extra hard for these hoes.
vulgar	Eyebrows up and down like Wall Street homes... Y'all bitches wilding with pencil
clean	FF has been consistently one of Marvel's worst properties. Ultimate FF was good; but the entire Ultimate universe is now in the trash.
vulgar	FUCK ARE YOU TALKIN ABOUT?? its like the guy that asks for your number and then says you ugly and a bitch when you say no
vulgar	FUCK YOU We have y'all faggots next
vulgar	FUCK YOU, you're a fucking a lowlife piece of trash.
vulgar	FUCKING WALK OFF IN THE BRONX!!!
vulgar	FWM on twitter . Got #strippers #escorts #artists #hustlaz #hittaz #bitches #niggas I'm dat dude.
vulgar	Face only yo bitch could love
vulgar	Facebook is for fags
clean	Facebook is for the birds...I'm over it
vulgar	Facts can be a bitch sometimes.
vulgar	Faded, swear to god I'm faded.. my bitch educated had her clients pay the payment
clean	Fairy Tale Hat - free crochet pattern for child and adult at
clean	Fairy tale world lmao
vulgar	Fake ass hoes all around
vulgar	Fake ass people. That's why I don't have no respect for em. Frontin ass bitches too
vulgar	Fake niccas ain't far dog they right in ya face!
clean	Fake tits? A hoe?? Can u guess what I was ? Twitpic your halloween costumes
vulgar	Falls in that pussy like quick sand
vulgar	False start bitches
vulgar	Fam. Telling bitches you're sterile so you can hit em raw
vulgar	Famous women be the biggest hoes.
clean	Fantasy squad doing so trash :/
vulgar	Fat Trel that niggah
vulgar	Fat bitch
vulgar	Fat bitches Twitter names be PrincessCookieNeckBackCrack lmaoo
vulgar	Fat bitches got the most pictures
vulgar	Fat bitches need love too I'll fuck em
vulgar	Fat hoes on Twitter calling themselves Barbies, bitch you ain't no damn Barbie you a damn care bear.
vulgar	Fck dem old hoes..... No double entree...
vulgar	Fear no bitch
vulgar	Fear the queer
vulgar	Feb 18 was a record setting day for the word faggot, apparently:
vulgar	Fed ex some real hoe boys
vulgar	Feeeeeling tuna feelliiiing cunt
vulgar	Feel like a bitch for calling the cops on people but I'd rather this bitch go to jail then someone get hit by a wreck less driver.
vulgar	Feel like i aint did this in a while , let me warm up Eat that pussy for a half an hour got her goin nuts
vulgar	Feelin like I can have any bitch I want. Feelin like all these hoes in this bitch want me.
vulgar	Fell asleep and woke up to some weird ass staring at me. What? Never seen a beaner sleep before?
clean	Female Jihadis, European American: GRAVE Dangers! - Joe For America via
vulgar	Females act like they never seen a nicca who raise they kids .. The reaction makes me laugh every time
vulgar	Females always tryna make a nigga feel bad about some shit like bitch I'ma smoke this weed and be happy all day
vulgar	Females be damn near naked wondering why niccas jus wanna fuk lol
vulgar	Females never understand that guys dont give af about females that they dont like liking them. Stop trippin, he dont know that hoe
vulgar	Females so dirty bro real talk you gotta play these bitches now day because if you don't they still gonna do it to you
vulgar	Females talk down on niccas when I can point out a few females who be on that tip!!
vulgar	Females use breast cancer awareness month as an excuse to be a hoe on social sites smh knowing damn well they know nothing about that shit.
vulgar	Fenkell in this bitch
vulgar	Ferrari addiction bitch it's a wonderful thing.
vulgar	Few Instagram likes a bitch swear dat she on
vulgar	Fight me 0 cuz they're trash How many 50-cent corn dogs did you order today?
vulgar	Fight me den hoe
vulgar	Fight me you tubby bitch I'll fight anyone
vulgar	Fight night tonight, go Cotto. Smack that pompous cunt down in front of millions. #MayweatherCotto
vulgar	Fighting on the Internet is like competing in the special Olympics, even if you win, you're still retarded.
clean	Figure all da ofay like to see my family pitcher
vulgar	Finally back behind the sticks, visit me bitches #VBar #StMarksPlace #EastVillage #NYC #RichMahogany
clean	Finally done wif mock regents
clean	Finally got an updated pic with angel wing colored
clean	Finally got my medicine and crackers!
vulgar	Finally running the game and everybody trippin now, but Ion give a fuck I got their bitches drippin now.
vulgar	Find Waldo at Escape bitches !
vulgar	Find a big butt bitch somewhere and get my nuts kissed
vulgar	Find her ass and push her down some stairs by accident. Throw some water on the floor. Shit. Kick a bitch.
clean	Finding cheap 240s on Craigslist but they all need a new tranny
clean	Fine I'll settle for an Oreo milkshake
vulgar	Fine ass fat bitch... #TwitterLurking
clean	Fine chicks lap dances always trash
vulgar	Fines hoes only
clean	Finished Yankeeography and still hate the Arizona D'backs for winning in 2001, Yankees shoulda had that
vulgar	Finna favorite my last tweet so niccas will kno I been knew wassup
vulgar	Finna get 86d cause bitches in coming at me wrong
vulgar	Fire, bitch.
vulgar	Fireball has turned from a cool liquor I used to be sponsored by...to a drink for pussy country dudes who hear it in a song.
clean	First #tbt best and drunkest Yankees game ever #wheresColman #everclear
vulgar	First chick to bring me some hash-browns from Waffle House right now will get her pussy ate
vulgar	First game first play. DAT can fuck my bitch
clean	First jig of the night
clean	First key club trash pick up with the freshman! #tbt
vulgar	First of all you my type of bitch
vulgar	First off , fuck your bitch the click you claim
vulgar	First the white bitch wanna ask extra questions shit... be a lil bitch about everything with her skinny ass!
vulgar	First thing she wit ya, next minute she against ya, like that hoe from the clippers
vulgar	Fitted Girbuad straps? Them bitches would be raw as hell.
clean	Fitzpatrick is trash bruh
vulgar	Fizz a whole hoe outchea see would of been walking
clean	Flabby bird sounds Turrible. Lol. I'll just stick to watching paint dry...
vulgar	Flag bitch GHAT DAMN... WE NIGHT AS WELL BE PLAYING AGAINST THE FLAG, SHIT!
clean	Flappy bird instead of studying? Sounds great. #flappybirdisruiningmylife
clean	Flappy bird is gonna be the death of me
clean	Flappy bird on bull....
clean	Flappy bird stresses me out
vulgar	Flashin money but ya bitch nails not done..
vulgar	Flaw bitches. Flaw bitches everywhere.
clean	Flights from Liberia should just be rerouted to Ferguson.. 2 birds 1 stone.
clean	Flipping back and forth between #Yankees playoff baseball and the Trainwreck Formerly Known as the New York Jets
vulgar	Flo is a bad bitch
clean	Floppy bird chalmers over here taking after his hero LeBron
vulgar	Floyd please deliver me from temptation as I oh so wish this bitch would hurry thee fuck up so I can surfboard on my bed.
vulgar	Fluffy is a retard homeboy is calling a baby rattlesnake friend and kissing him! Baby rattlers will kill you man!!
vulgar	Fly as a bitch on Aladdin rug
vulgar	Fly nicca no parachute
clean	Foles vs 9ers in San Fran or Eli vs redskins in DC
clean	Foley Abduction Linked to British Jihadi Kidnapping Ring via
vulgar	Follow a nicca on IG: im_hollywood_jay
vulgar	Follow a nicca on IG: im_yung_jay
vulgar	Follow ah bitch on ig tho 1inkkofrosess
vulgar	Follow me back bitch.
vulgar	Follow my nigga cg_bugatti Niggaz hated nd flagged his possibly Fucked ya bitch that's why y'all
vulgar	Football the only thing I got! no bae I don't got no hoes, they all come and go!! time to just start focusing on something that's real
vulgar	For a faggot ass nigga that crys about people who talk about kicks he certainly makes a lot of fucking shoe comments. That's y'all man smfh
vulgar	For about the last hour of getting my stomach tattooed I felt like I was going to puke. God damnit #pussy
vulgar	For all you hoes know I could be DJ Zetti
vulgar	For all you psychology bitches on your periods.. Do this to chill tf out
vulgar	For every hoe out there there's some nigga out there tryna save her and make turn her into a good woman...she jus keep ignoring his texts
vulgar	For every thirst dog lies a thirsty bitch.
vulgar	For guys ?bros over hoes?. For girls ?chicks over dicks?. For me, it?s ?whoever has my back over the fake ass people, any day?
vulgar	For instance...Nikki said BET you won't fight her. I said bet? She said bet. Whipped a quick u-turn, whooped that ass, and went to jail
vulgar	For some reason I always assume guys who act like that in trucks have tiny dicks HAHA #fag
vulgar	For such bold people confrontation seems to make bitches out of alot of you
clean	For those wondering why DHS was buying up all the ammo, now you know. Once the Charlie Manson er, race war starts its on #POTUS
vulgar	For you bitch niggas out there
vulgar	Forget resting bitch face, the next hot new trend will be resting drunk face.
vulgar	Forgiato Fest in Dallas this year fuck yeah bitch
vulgar	Forgot how good I am at NHL13. Too bad is a pussy and wont buy it. Scared to get fuckin scraped.
clean	Former TOWIE star Charlie King comes out Inspiring. Congrats and welcome to the family :)
vulgar	Forreal forreal, I would let the founder of Capcom fuck my bitch. They made Street Fighter AND Marvel vs Capcom #EternallyGrateful
vulgar	Forte just trucked dude hoe ass lol
clean	Foto: imapython: bieg: albino sea turtle i think u mean soul of the ocean
clean	Foto: mimiblargh: ok pls consider this: kingdom birbs (can u guess who is who and what birds they are???...
clean	Four hors to back up this iPhone haha... Jokes
vulgar	Frankie is a twat. #BB16
vulgar	Freak hoes
vulgar	Freak hoes got several
vulgar	Freaky bitch eat the dick while I'm playing madden
vulgar	Freaky bitch hi
vulgar	Free 5iiive nigga, let all a my dogs out. Moma said no pussy cats inside my dog house! #SB4 #GANG!!
vulgar	Free Ballout lil bitch
clean	Free bird.
clean	Free birds. Lol
vulgar	Free bitch . We stay used yo hol yo each other cdfu
vulgar	Free lee bitch 131 4L
vulgar	Free lil cj bitch the wait is over ! #december8th
vulgar	Free love sexual liberation SEEMED to be the dawn of lots of consequence free pussy for them 60s negroes. WHY WE ALWAYS FORGETTING HISTORY
vulgar	Free my brother turt and gn bitches
vulgar	Free my niggah C4
clean	Free patterns - Adorable crochet borders Butterfly, ladybug, flower bumblebee and hat edging, trim,
vulgar	Free that hoe
vulgar	Free that hoe 1x
clean	Free wop
clean	Freezing my nips off out here...
clean	French word for potato translates as earth apple. Banana is long yellow tree apple. Submarines are big wet hollow kaboom apple.
vulgar	Fresh Japanese model toys her succulant pussy until shecums
clean	Fresh out the gym but yet I'm bout to eat free birds.
vulgar	Fresh polo on you bitches
vulgar	Freshman year I remember like it was yesterday. I was lowkey plotting on the baddest bitch. But some clown ass nigguh swooped dat up lol
vulgar	Friday is gunna be my bitch
clean	Friend or foe nicca .. State ya biz
vulgar	Friend zone ass nigguh
clean	Friendly advice to western reporters in Kobane: don't advertise your location. Jihadis are tracking u consider u a high-prize target #ISIS
vulgar	Friends become foes girlfriends become hoes.
clean	Friends don't let friends become guidos. #themoreyouknow
clean	From Jihadi streams: Rutba, Anbar Province, #Iraq
vulgar	From that point should saw how I treated that bitch fucked her now lose my number I ain't answering shit
clean	From the ESPN Yankees game recap: the sellout crowd braved 61-degree temperatures. LOL What??? That's not weather you struggle through.
clean	From the archives: s My Favorite #Bond_age_ essay on THUNDERBALL, The Story of a Shy Kid and 007
vulgar	Fronting bitches get that I just got off the island dick. Then I never hit them up again because I'm a fronting ass nigga
clean	Frozen peas and ibuprofen. My new best friends # cripple
vulgar	Fruit 2 O? Who tf does WOHS think they are Trynna serv a nigguh dat lame shit
clean	Frustration can be a bitch !
vulgar	Fuc u say ? All these hoes look good on IG
vulgar	Fucc nicca
vulgar	Fucc niccas dnt want no smoke
vulgar	Fucc u primo aint nobody ask u 2 fav dink lies
vulgar	Fucc yo face card nicca #UMightNotGetIn #BeerandTacOS #WeTheLastOnesLeft #MilkTheCity #RespectTheCulture
vulgar	Fuccn yo bitch and its wet like a pool
vulgar	Fuccn yo bitch last night she say you the nigga!!
vulgar	Fuck I'm such a bitch.
vulgar	Fuck Staten Island, place is for pussies
vulgar	Fuck Ya feelings ain't no sorries bitch
vulgar	Fuck a bitch flip a brick
vulgar	Fuck a hot head pussy I gt a cold heart
vulgar	Fuck a nigga feelings, fuck a nigga bitch.
vulgar	Fuck a opp thot we'll shoot a bitch
vulgar	Fuck all that Some bitches so disrespectful they don't care. They will talk , fuck , ya boyfriend and still speak to the girlfriend.
vulgar	Fuck all that huggin and kisses, I fuck all they bitches
vulgar	Fuck all that talking bitch y u got my name in to mouth
vulgar	Fuck all these dirty hoes these bitches basic
vulgar	Fuck all u stupid hoes #idgafmode
vulgar	Fuck all y'all hoes gang shit
vulgar	Fuck all you hoes who keep giving my number to these colleges lmao
vulgar	Fuck around take them hoes back
vulgar	Fuck around and get your honeybun took in that bitch with all that crying nigga!!
vulgar	Fuck around and waste my time and I'll fuck that bitch you hate and that one friend you love
vulgar	Fuck around wit me n my niggas n we'll turn dis bitch inside out
vulgar	Fuck bad bitches
vulgar	Fuck bitches get money
vulgar	Fuck bitches get money ayyyyeeeee
vulgar	Fuck bitches get money mission complete!
vulgar	Fuck class gon be a bitch tomorrow
vulgar	Fuck da bulls and your trash ass music nigga Fuck da Cavs
vulgar	Fuck dat bitch
vulgar	Fuck drama class. This bitch boring as hell
vulgar	Fuck fight music bitch this is losing ya life music
vulgar	Fuck fleeto like, id cut you cunts up :/
vulgar	Fuck her pussy fuck her mouth fuck her ass cause she nasty
vulgar	Fuck her pussy Fuck her mouth Fuck her ass cause she nasty
vulgar	Fuck her right in the pussy.
vulgar	Fuck is Yall sayin bitch ma h456d love me
vulgar	Fuck is yaw sayin bitch my hood love me
vulgar	Fuck it, its 4 am why am I tweeting as if anyone is going to answer me, y'all niggers don't reply at 4 pm. Niggerfag Niggerfag Niggerfag
vulgar	Fuck ms. Patrick that bitch can't teach for shit
vulgar	Fuck my Ex bitch
vulgar	Fuck niggah add it up..
vulgar	Fuck nigguh Trynna talk it out. Wtf we Finna talk about?
vulgar	Fuck off bitch
vulgar	Fuck rebuild the tranny, I'm driving it like its been for the last 4 years till it finally goes out
vulgar	Fuck that Dancehall shit, thru that #TWERKTAPE on bitch
vulgar	Fuck that I got a curfew I break that bitch tho idgaf , she could fuss and curse at me when I get home lmfao
vulgar	Fuck that bitch
vulgar	Fuck that hoe!
vulgar	Fuck that hoe.
vulgar	Fuck that new bitch , that you think you found.
vulgar	Fuck that niggah he so weak he cant tell that you a freak
vulgar	Fuck that shit I'm out this bitch
vulgar	Fuck that stupid bitch..
vulgar	Fuck the church you attend , fuck your god, fuck the nigguh you call the savior . It's a fucking new world order baby
vulgar	Fuck the club. Especially Dallas clubs. Nothing but stank pussy and thirsty niggas.
vulgar	Fuck the courts!!! How is a $35 fine add up to $445 MF dollars bitch??
vulgar	Fuck the cowboys the giants the redskins #EaglesNation #BleedGreen
vulgar	Fuck the rockets and everything they get with d Howard bitch ass. Signed bitter laker fan. Lol
vulgar	Fuck them bitches
vulgar	Fuck them hoes you got that award already.
vulgar	Fuck them kids bitch
vulgar	Fuck these bitches Stop women bashing Them women don't exist in this generation.
vulgar	Fuck these hoes im gone
vulgar	Fuck this I need a fat bitch, these skinny bitches ain't hungry for da mula hahaha
vulgar	Fuck this bitch idc #TGIF
vulgar	Fuck this fuckin bitch and her stupid analysis bullshit
vulgar	Fuck this hoe ass professor she looks like an extra from Halloween town.
vulgar	Fuck this mexican bitch she talks too much, she thinks she's an ivy league scholar.
vulgar	Fuck u 2 bitch call the cops
vulgar	Fuck what a bitch saying the hood love me
vulgar	Fuck what rappers say bitch I am LA
vulgar	Fuck what you think. I think them bitches produced the FUCK outta some shit. Telling you I STILL rock out to the vast majority of No Skits
vulgar	Fuck wit us and we tweakin hoe
vulgar	Fuck with us you know we tweakin hoe
vulgar	Fuck wnba , fuck dykes on my set #GotNoSet
vulgar	Fuck ya main hoe now she claimin mob hav her brake ya heart wen I rob ya inda daark
vulgar	Fuck you and the bitches you talking to
vulgar	Fuck you bitch I have to fucking piss I take 30 seconds you take 5 fucking minutes
vulgar	Fuck you bitches who send dudes to child support court just because you're petty
vulgar	Fuck you bruh Ima look at your young bitch..
vulgar	Fuck you niggah I'm cold my aunts said no more throwing people in so I'm going to take a shower
vulgar	Fuck you then bitch shove that work up your A-S-S
vulgar	Fuck you tweetin me emojis for faggot
vulgar	Fuck you, #BobCostas! That football SCUM woulda stabbed his gf to death and slit his wrists instead of shooting. Yer a fool.
vulgar	Fuck you, hoe ass nigga The white-fronted parrot is the only other species besides humans that French kiss as a prelude to sex.
vulgar	Fuck your dreads fire it up hoe rt while we watch This Is The End
vulgar	Fuck! Hostess to liquidate if Bakers strike continues through Thursday; end of Twinkies... -
vulgar	Fucked the shit out yo bitch earlier she said she couldn't stand straight
vulgar	Fucked up when a freak hoe tell you ya posed to be homeboy was pillow talking too .. #FukNiccas
vulgar	Fucked your bitch, just met her
vulgar	Fucken pussy
vulgar	Fuckin pussies passed out.
vulgar	Fuckin moron, snortin oxycontin, wearin cotton, oxymoron, like buff faggots playin sissy dikes
vulgar	Fucking bitches never hit a nigga back up
vulgar	Fucking cunts.
vulgar	Fucking douche bro. You're a fag
vulgar	Fucking flake ass bitches
vulgar	Fucking hate ghetto girls I swear bruh
vulgar	Fucking hate ghetto girls bruh
vulgar	Fucking lying cunts man, gotta love them
vulgar	Fucking pussy bruh lol
vulgar	Fucking thirsty bitches
vulgar	Fucking told all of you bitches.
vulgar	Fucking trash
vulgar	Fucking twat Xavi checking the grass HAHA
vulgar	Fuckkkk this faggot commie
vulgar	Fuhk you you hoe I don't want you back classic joint
vulgar	Fuk dat bitch lol voice
vulgar	Fuk u bitch
vulgar	Fukn wit my nicca Luey boi .. Smoking gas .. Jus kickn shit .. #WhereYallAtWitIt
vulgar	Funnie watching my nig interview on ESPN
vulgar	Funny 2 see gay men with #grindr profiles bitch on tv about privacy rights.
clean	Funny thing is....it's not just the people doing it. It's the people who seeing these pics and judging the birds. Just as wrong.
vulgar	Fuuuuuck you you stupid fucking cunt
vulgar	Fuuuuuuuuck that bitch. #Snowpiercer
vulgar	G's up, hoes down, while you motherfuckers bounce to this.
clean	GA Charlie
clean	GA Charlie
vulgar	GIRL! Trying to put dem bitches on, too! In AutoZone trying to buy the correct wiper blades for my car
clean	GM....don't be the bird that didn't get the worm today #GoStampsGo84
vulgar	GOAT Nitty had bitches rubbin his beard and stomach at the same time in Jollies.. LEGENDARY
vulgar	GOOD Music Young Money fags
vulgar	GStar suspenders got a bad bitch bitch
vulgar	GTA online today bitch ass niggas
vulgar	GTFOH u bitch ass ref
clean	GUYS, I just walked into an office, and the secretary has a bird. Looks like I may just find out for myself.
vulgar	GUYSSSSS YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS maaan :( most of my friends are hoes this can't be true
vulgar	Gab and Bri both fell asleep on me. #hoes
vulgar	Gabby is back bitches step aside
vulgar	Gabby is hella ghetto
vulgar	Gabby is such a hoe
vulgar	Gabby's a bitch and has three accounts
vulgar	Gaga is that bitch who probably gives A+++ lapdances.
vulgar	GahDamn I got bitches, damn I got bitches, damn I got bitches, wifey, girlfriend, and mistress!!
clean	Game 126 Preview: Houston #Astros at New York #Yankees
clean	Game 128 Preview: Houston #Astros at New York #Yankees
vulgar	Gang gang bitch
vulgar	Gansitos are ATG beaner candy
clean	Gary's girl was a tranny. I wonder what would have become of if he'd written Gary's Girl.
clean	Gas is always cheaper in the ghetto
vulgar	Gasoline 12. What did the last pussy you had taste like?
vulgar	Gator's bitches best be usin Jimmy's !
vulgar	Gator's bitches better be using jimmies
vulgar	Gave a homeless guy a couple bucks today and didn't even say thank you, just walked away Ha okay!! Ungreatful son of a bitch.
vulgar	Gave dat bitch da Spirit of the Dragon
vulgar	Gave that bitch an E pill ... Bitches love fucking wit they EX
vulgar	Gay ass hillbilly intro song
vulgar	Geeked out my mine I think this bitch done stole a 50
vulgar	Geno Smith Alex bitch Smith's trash overpaid ass
clean	George Rockwell (2 of 3) Speech at Lynchberg Armo: Proud to say my Uncle Kelly was at this speech in 63.
vulgar	German gay guy left in critical condition after being fag bashed in Belgrade
vulgar	Get a dope new job bruh Good luck pussy Interview aka MONEY TIME!
vulgar	Get a bitch, break a bitch
vulgar	Get cunts to threaten me, not bothered. I'd happily hit up a big massive group ae third years or something hahaha. #dropkickkk
clean	Get here! MT #Sierra #skiers, offers a fun break from the slopes. Sweet #deal: #TravelNevada
vulgar	Get my name tatted, right by ya pussy
vulgar	Get on your mutha fucking shit hoe.
vulgar	Get on your shit hoe.
vulgar	Get out granny long-johns rednecks..for your cold bones from very cold Polar Vortex, The Sequel! DoG
clean	Get some Hagen-Dazs ice cream bars, a whole lot, make sure chocolate, gotta have chocolate, man. Some popcorn, red popcorn, graham crackers
vulgar	Get tf off joseline pussy!!!! Like damn
vulgar	Get the fuck over yourself fag. You're an undercover hooker and actually use weave cause you're balding. You are NOT cute.
vulgar	Get these hoe ass fuckboys off the stage. #VMAs
vulgar	Get this bitch off my TV bruh
clean	Get this monkey off my back...
clean	Get two birds stoned at one time.
vulgar	Get yo bitch jumped by 6 nigguhs
vulgar	Get your nasty ass out of my snapchat bitch
vulgar	Get your own picture bitch.
vulgar	Get your slow ass out my way #bitch
vulgar	Get your weak ass juco highlights off twitter hoe
vulgar	Gettin a lil midnight snack, best po-boys in town Genes with my nigs and nick_swag_is_504
vulgar	Gettin bitches was never hard I just settled down cause that start got corny an my girl thurl
vulgar	Gettin drop top dat hoe
vulgar	Getting niggaz to discuss more than sports hoes and rap music is impressive but SO HARD TO DO!
clean	Getting off twitter jigg trynna stress me out more I don't need this type of heat
vulgar	Ghetto ass bitches came in my job talm bout sum o yes u daddy down
clean	Ghetto bird can't fly away from my hood
clean	Giants secondary lookin like trash
clean	Giants vs. stinky birds Sunday ...think Ima make some wings
vulgar	Giants you bitch
vulgar	Gillette is for pussies
vulgar	Gimme another beer bitch!
vulgar	Gimme my grade bitch you know wat I'm trying to spell
vulgar	Girl don't hide that pussy, you should be the type to provide that pussy
vulgar	Girl like 19 pics of mine on Instagram this morning while I was working, when I saw that I thought this bitch need a life
vulgar	Girl you eating more pussy then me girl you should have been a nigga
vulgar	Girls are so fucking grimy today, keep your vagina in your pants you dirty hoe
vulgar	Girls be like 1/13/13 I love you babe 3 bitch isn't that today?
vulgar	Girls be like 10/23/12 I love you babe 3 hoe isn't that today?
vulgar	Girls be looking for reasons to do hoe shit
vulgar	Girls be tripping with that you got hoes shit, I do know other girls that are my friends!
clean	Girls that wear colored jeans
vulgar	Girls the days be confused hoes ain't nobody got time fo that !
vulgar	Girls wanna meet a man with plans and ambition and a boy on a pussy hit mission..
vulgar	Girls watch out for hoes who always have something to say bout your man bc they will be the main one tryin to fuck him behind your back
vulgar	Give a bitch 2 or 3 pumps that's it.
vulgar	Give a hipster bitch a yellow stick now she suckin dick in the hood and shit -Othot
vulgar	Give me 3 wishes, I wish, I wish, I wish you would bitch.
vulgar	Give me head an kiss yah nigga u a ill bitch
vulgar	Give me head and kiss to nigga you a eww bitch
vulgar	Give that hoe an Oscar she stay acting crazyy!!
vulgar	Give these hoes 20,000 followers you got a whole new bitch
vulgar	Give us our credit bitch.. We went out there took that W.
clean	Glad I ain't got no bird legs
vulgar	Glad I bossed up on my old hoes
vulgar	Go UTES! You got Playboy bitches, disrespectful players, and a bunch of spoiled hipsters at your school, so I'm cheering for you. #not
vulgar	Go cry about it joey. Just like the little bitch you are
vulgar	Go watch nick jr. Childish ass bitch The nicks are playing ?
vulgar	God bless the dumb and retarded
vulgar	God bless the dumb niggas who trust these hoes
vulgar	God dam man that freestyle is so retarded that its fumny af omg
vulgar	God damn birds
vulgar	God damn flappy birds weak ass
clean	God damn zebras every Virginia possession the whistle blows geeze.
clean	God made male and female blades of grass. Every living thing must reproduce itself to stay on this Earth: birds, bees and grass. Sex=Natural
vulgar	God my tweets are so ghetto
clean	God people can be so mean. This Asian guy held the door for these girls and they said they were surprised he could see it with his slant eye
vulgar	God you're a faggot if you dont think superman is the best superhero
vulgar	Goes ape shit on my ass like nigggga tf you doin i hust saved yo life so i pushed her ass into the the wall then she calmed down again
vulgar	Going comfortable then a hoe today, gotta be relaxed for prom
vulgar	Going for a bitch nigga neck cause nigga am Rollin
vulgar	Going hard bitch swear I'm on my job throw a quake in the air call that shit a lob
vulgar	Going out with bad intension... Keep yo girlfriends inside, and I'm not just saying it ask my nigs I mean it
clean	Going through my computer and found the Shake that monkey video we made freshman year in Dillard! was Too Short
clean	Going to California today for some analyzer training. Going into Dick Whitman mode. Wish I had a tan colored suit to wear for the flight.
vulgar	Going to get my ID today fucking finally I'll see you retards soon
vulgar	Going to the creek with my bitches tomorrow
clean	Going up to the view point and seeing star child..... What the monkey
vulgar	Goku, shutting down hoes since 1984
vulgar	Gold diggin ass bitch lol
clean	Golden Oreos are the best
vulgar	Goldiggers wanna marry me, somebody tell them hoes to see therapy.
vulgar	Goligoski must bleed. He should also leave via ambulance. I guess Sill is the closest thing they have at a McGrath. Hit that bitch.
clean	Gone bust it open for a real nicca
vulgar	Gonna drink and talk about bitches that I've almost had.
vulgar	Gonna make a chicken sandwich, put half a bottle of tapatio on that bitch, and figure some shit out
clean	Gonna shower for the sole purpose of shampooing my beard.
vulgar	Gonna straight hip check the next hillbilly who tries to apply the term derecho to a run-of-the-mill thunderstorm. #WVWX
vulgar	Gonna surprise earl with a tranny. Best 450 ever fucking spent? Yes
vulgar	Good Morning to you hoes and pimps.
vulgar	Good day spent with my faggot
vulgar	Good day, honkies.
clean	Good day, honkies. ...I said GOOD DAY! ...honkies.
vulgar	Good even-ink, honkies!
clean	Good evening Charlie and friends
vulgar	Good lord, I never met a bitch like this before
vulgar	Good luck coming to see us in Vegas. That's where all the bitches are at
clean	Good morning Charlie
vulgar	Good morning Monday I have my truck money full tank and I didn't do any homework. Your my bitch Monday
clean	Good morning Twitter. Make today a positive one. If you can't do that, beat up as many meanie-faces as possible. Also, I hate flappy bird.
vulgar	Good morning ig .... Giving u white trash body #turntup #webad #wepretty #gayvegas
vulgar	Good morning, you hoe ass niggas. *Pimp C voice*
clean	Good ol Charlie. #wwc
clean	Good pick birds
vulgar	Good pussy change ya life!
vulgar	Good they trash Niggas ate most of my chips ahoy cookies and the cookies havent been in the house 20 hours yet
vulgar	Good thing about you hoes, u aint hoes forever. ur expiration date will come to
vulgar	Good thing my brother loves me more than all you bitches thoo. He woke his ass up after working all night to drive me to school. Thats love.
vulgar	Good weed, bad bitch. Got these hoes on my dick like Brad Pitt.
clean	Good! She's a ghetto thug! So FPD just arrested for being in the street. #Ferguson
clean	Goodbye hop plants ! Time to dink u!!!! Luv it!!!
clean	Goodbye x Young Dolph featuring Trinidad James Shy Glizzy
vulgar	Goodmorning bitches #ladykimora #sandiego @ Water front San Diego
vulgar	Goodmorning uu bitch ass niggas !!!
vulgar	Goodnight bitches (with a lisp)
vulgar	Goodnight my real nigga/bitches
vulgar	Goodnight pretty bitches n real niggas fuck da rest
vulgar	Goofy ass. lmfaoo make a niggah laugh
clean	Gorgeous Calico Maine coon cat
vulgar	Got 1 baby mama no bitch no wife ....
vulgar	Got 2 bad bitches with me, Molly and aquafina
vulgar	Got a badass bitch just bouncin on my dick
vulgar	Got a bitch so bad you can't afford to fuck.
vulgar	Got a couple thou den I get a couple shooters Fa dat couple thou mane my niccas will shoot ya
vulgar	Got a iPhone for business but the sidekick is for the bitches
vulgar	Got a lil bitch from the 916
vulgar	Got a new bitch and she got ass, lookin at my ex like yeah i know you mad
vulgar	Got a red ass bitch wid a red ass pussayyy
vulgar	Got all the black bitches mad cuz my main bitch vanilla
vulgar	Got another nigga's bitch in my bed right now
clean	Got chunky marmalade today of a greatful customer for my service over the past 2 yrs #PostieTweet #ServiceMatters
vulgar	Got damn man hung tf over like a bitch
clean	Got damn the Lakers trash....
vulgar	Got good pussy. But ion eat her tho.
vulgar	Got hit on by a 70 yr old cripple... thinking, even if I were to accept your sexual advances there wouldn't be much you could do about it.
vulgar	Got ketchup on my swim trunks... Sum bitch
vulgar	Got my mind made nicca ... Fuk u pay me!
vulgar	Got my own place , pay my own bills rent 2 jobs. Tf am I worried about a next bitch for?
vulgar	Got my shit changed doe , find the PW now bitches ! Haha
clean	Got my vans on.. My pockets chunky
vulgar	Got myself a new job bitches!
vulgar	Got one bitch in economy and one bitch back in coach.
vulgar	Got the Vector Job, bitch.
vulgar	Got these hoes lurkin got these niggahs talkin
vulgar	Got this bad Spanish bitch .
clean	Got to 18 on flappy bird...
clean	Got to 8 on flappy birds can you say happiest girl on earth
vulgar	Got uh bitch dat set it off like Jada Pickett
vulgar	Got up to get food, dropped a fruitsnack and my dog went ape shit and woke the whole house up.
vulgar	Got ya crackas, spics, chinks, and carpet riders but no niggas MLK ain't fight for nothing #GimmeABlackEmoji
vulgar	Got you're bitch panties niagra falling
vulgar	Got your bitch over here combing my hair for me.
vulgar	Got your bitch with me right now.
vulgar	Gotchya bitch
clean	Gotta bad red bone that look something like Ashanti
vulgar	Gotta bitch with some church's chicken thighs
vulgar	Gotta go get a haircut ASAP tomorrow ain't no bitches looking at me right now. And today they all was out. The frustration.
clean	Gotta keep the sox down while they're down! #RedSox #Yankees #mlb
clean	Gotta love the undignified sprint across the yellow light to transfer buses because the first one was dawdling
vulgar	Gotta missed call from yoooo bitch
vulgar	Gotta put it back in rotation ain't heard u say...you lil stupid ass bitch in a minute fam u slackin lol
vulgar	Gotta question the nicca standing next to you cut em off
vulgar	Gotta smile dat drive bad bitches crazy
vulgar	Gotta watch these hoes
vulgar	Gov. Rick Scott Kicks Charlie Crists Ass
vulgar	Gov. Rick Scott Kicks Charlie Crists Ass
clean	Graham crackers and hazelnut coffee are my fave
clean	Grandma's Homemade Potato Soup - An old fashioned, simple, chunky potato soup like Grandma made, wit
clean	Grandma: (Macon) is a rinky dink mosquito-filled cop-infested swamp. LMAO
vulgar	Grant bitches more than a 14 year old white bitch
vulgar	Grats to Haye, still a bitch though
clean	Great lead battle and then Ricky hits Danica for a yellow. Oh boy. #NASCAR
clean	Green grass and tree trash.
vulgar	Greinke you sneaky son of a bitch you
vulgar	Gresham Road Soldier BoulderCrest Soldier and I told my bitch to quit me cause I'm never gone propose
vulgar	Grow up just because a nigga has hoes doesn't mean he doesn't love you
vulgar	Grow up bitch
clean	Grr... Woke up ickblah. Congestion ew chunky bloaty gross. Missed the gym. 1 1/2hr wait for the Dr. Boo Friday. #whineytweet
vulgar	Grusty hoe
vulgar	Gtta fly bitch and she stand out!
vulgar	Gucci cut throat use to stay next door his kenfolk limousine bitch pouring up ya rent money
vulgar	Gucci feel like jeezy pussy outchea you tried to kill me and wasn't successful. Nigga lucky Gucci ain't tried to down him
vulgar	Gucci fucked a lot more famous bitches but he the type to not have to speak on it.Wonder who opened their mouth?
vulgar	Gucci mane on a bitch
vulgar	Gudnight keep that pussy tight
clean	Guess I'll have to add Robin Williams right next to Charlie Chaplin. Now Adam Sandler remains my only favorite comedian left.
vulgar	Guess who just got an apartment in downtown Columbus? That's right bitch you guessed it, this guy.
vulgar	Guess who's a little bitch?
vulgar	Gum drop looking bitch commenting on peoples looks
vulgar	Guy tweets: I wanna eat some pussy Follower replies: facts! Girl tweets: I wanna suck some dick Follower replies: hoe!!! NOT FAIR
vulgar	Guys now and days act like they don't care because pussy is easy but that's not the only thing that matters
vulgar	Guys say bros before hoes. I say food before dudes.
vulgar	Guys so quick to talk shit to a bitch they would kiss ass to .
vulgar	Guys that struggle to get pussy are the main niggas that bad talk women. He could get more pussy if he can learn how to stfu and chill
vulgar	H8 fake bitches
vulgar	HAHA If ANY of you bitches even THINK about attacking me in the elevator....
vulgar	HAHAHAHA I'm so happy that bitch just spilt all her coffee everywhere
vulgar	HAHAHAHAHAHA 1st i stop swimmin den i fuq ur bitch
clean	HBA trash
clean	HOT #ISIS SOCIAL MEDIA PHOTO: Laughing Jihadis Get Baby To Kick Severed Head ***warning, graphic*** #lnyhbt #tgdn
vulgar	HOT ISIS SOCIAL MEDIA PHOTO: Laughing Jihadis Get Baby To Kick Severed Head ***warning, graphic*** #tcot #pjnet
clean	HOT ISIS SOCIAL MEDIA PHOTO: Laughing Jihadis Get Baby To Kick Severed Head ***warning, graphic*** #tcot #pjnet
clean	HOW Deep Fried Sweet Tea on a graham cracker crust at State Fair of Texas (via )
vulgar	HYSTERICAL!! Calling BHO a monkey! #NorthKorea may be a bunch of assholes, but that comment made me belly laugh!!!
vulgar	Ha bill bellicheck wouldnt give an interview what a pussy!!!! Hey bill karmas a bitch!!!!!!!!
vulgar	Ha bitch
vulgar	Ha dat bitch in jail
vulgar	Ha.. Who can get the pussy quicker these days
vulgar	Ha.. yous a lonely hoe
vulgar	Had to block that bitch. Soooo annoying
vulgar	Had to change my shit up on u hoes
vulgar	Had to do another phone sweep! aka delete these hoes from my contacts
vulgar	Had to get that hoe shit off my TL
vulgar	Had to touch a yung nicca up real quicc last nite
vulgar	Had yo main bitch gettin high..
vulgar	Hah a big LOL to all the tacky faggots
vulgar	Haha I'll shoot you and that bitch I guess my gun is bi
vulgar	Haha Tanaka went Yankee. So sorry Bums!
vulgar	Haha a private industry birthday is needed to all who have celebrated our bday the past month I can't wait for ours! I see you nig**s lol
vulgar	Haha bitch ass gucci
vulgar	Haha i call my girl a bitch, only cuz she calls me one
vulgar	Haha macklemoore was just on my ferry boat bitches. That black caddy !
vulgar	Haha niggah gave up , can't keep up with me loser !
clean	Haha, Yankees fans are bent out of shape about the Hu27le graphic
vulgar	Hahah its funny how all the little dumb hoes want to follow you nigga just to be all up in your ass like bitch the fuck you kreepen fo?
vulgar	Hahaha I see you niggah
vulgar	Hahaha I'm fucking weak! He used to abuse this pussy ...... Lmfao
vulgar	Hahaha high school what a joke more like fake bitches an dumb niggas gather here
vulgar	Hahahaa so people can't parent differently...? Twitter is fuckin trash ahahahha
vulgar	Hahahaaha my teacher just realed these thots. She said You need to stop acting ghetto cause its not cute
vulgar	Hahahaha fucking pussies
vulgar	Hahahaha manziel is a faggot and the browns will ruin him. Win win for me
vulgar	Hahahahaa fuckin crow looking bitch
vulgar	Hahahhahaa Your boyfriend trash ma, stop tryna convince yourself otherwise in these tweets
vulgar	Hair pulling during sex is just a way of letting her know that her pussy is good
vulgar	Haley was called a raghead accused of adultery and she skyrocketed in the polls. yall think Sheheen didnt notice that?
vulgar	Half of yall hoes anyways. So the ones with thigh gaps get a friend without em. Have a nigga fuck yall both and ask him who got better pussy
vulgar	Half these bitches be playin because but im far from a lamee
vulgar	Half these females with these twitter names like eat my pussy ain't even about that life bro..
vulgar	Halloween is a hoe holiday
vulgar	Halloween's over, and bitches still playing roles.
clean	Hand me a brew and I'll chug it
vulgar	Handicap sticker bitch I park where I want.
vulgar	Hanging out with guys does not make you a hoe
vulgar	Hanging with daney and ari today !!! my bitches !
vulgar	Hanging with my bitches I couldn't be more happy #thegoodlife
vulgar	Happy 18th to these main bitches!!! Take it easy on the cigs!
vulgar	Happy Bday ya bitch you!!
vulgar	Happy Birthday hoe!!! I'll always love you even if we go a year without talking bc you're petty you're still my sister
vulgar	Happy Birthday nigguh keep your blunts fat and your cups filled :)
vulgar	Happy Birthday to this fag!
vulgar	Happy Columbus Day!!! Just be glad we wasn't usin #weavetrip to rope the sails. SERIOUSLY THO That shit would be #wigger
vulgar	Happy Easter you dirty sons a bitches! #NFG #WGE #FindTheEggs #EggsAreInHerAss
vulgar	Happy Friday bitches #kimorablac
vulgar	Happy bday I love you my nigguh #livingLegend
vulgar	Happy birthday I love you faggot
clean	Happy birthday bird!
vulgar	Happy birthday bitch
vulgar	Happy birthday fag love ya
vulgar	Happy birthday little bitch boy
vulgar	Happy birthday nig ! Miss your black ass #TU
vulgar	Happy birthday pops aka old negro spiritual aka the man who said I was an accident. 64 never looked so
vulgar	Happy birthday to literally the craziest bitch I know I'm so happy I'm related to u
vulgar	Happy birthday to my bitch. I had to tow is botch ass car... Love you cuz
clean	Happy birthday to my pops. Old negro spiritual is 64 today lol
vulgar	Happy birthday to the biggest retard out there. Youre my favorite retard though happy birthday nigs
clean	Happy hangover #Bloomington #btown #iubb #IU #Indiana #hoosierdaddy #HoosierNation #hoosiers the resurrection is now complete. #ncaa #big10
vulgar	Happy this nigga nick old I only like red bones ass is watching this.
vulgar	Hardly ever sober bitch I party till it's over.
clean	Harlem World trash? Interesting.
vulgar	Harry must thincc I'm the bitch he can fall Bacc on ah sum Boi BYEEEEE
vulgar	Harvard got the worst hoes cheerleading in America
clean	Has anyone ever purchased baseball field dirt? I really want dirt from Stadium for my grandfather's grave. #weirdtweets
vulgar	Hate a bitch that's always in some mess
vulgar	Hate a hoe that think relationships are seasonal.. Winter comin, Let me get me a boyfriend.. Sound dumb as hell..
vulgar	Hate aw they gym cunts in ma year, I'd rather eat like a pig and drink like I've got a problem
vulgar	Hate dat hoe
vulgar	Hate on what bitch
vulgar	Hate that bitch Ray Donovan's wife is pissing me off
vulgar	Hate when I'm in a girl city call her then she call back after I'm on the plane bitch FOH
vulgar	Hate when bitches get boyfriends then forget all about you like you wasn't there before they got together
vulgar	Hate when bitches talk like they rey fuck your brains out then be like im just filrting lmao fuck u bitch
vulgar	Hate when bitches tryna put you in the friendzone...bitch I'm tryna score, put me in the end-zone
vulgar	Hate when bitches with long hair decide to get a haircut. Nothin good ever comes out of that
vulgar	Hate when hoes try to lead u on naw like lil bitch im coool
vulgar	Hate when my hoes get out here an start actin single smh. #DezHoesAintLoyal
vulgar	Hating on me? Then bitch what's good?
vulgar	Hats off to all hoodrat chicks from the ghetto who have anxiety attacks at formal events
clean	Have they seen Planet of the Apes Brazil has the highest number of monkey species of any nation in the world with 116.
clean	Have you ever popped champagne on a plane, while gettin some brain Whipped it out, she said I never seen Snakes on a Plane
vulgar	Have you ever slapped a bitch for giving you a big hickey #wiggy #wiggy #wiggy
vulgar	Have you ever thought a bitch was wet as fuck, but woke up the next morning realized that she was just on her period?
vulgar	Have you heard guala shit Featuring: chase-da-doe,r.o.m.e.,and the boy big by Joseph Chase Rinche on #SoundCloud?
clean	Have you hugged a wacko-bird today?
clean	Have you noticed all the ghetto people naming their kids after cars? Mercedes Lexus Repossessed.
vulgar	Haven't talked to my bitch in a while lol.
vulgar	Having them hoes gets old, well it has gotten old already.
vulgar	Having a new boyfriend every month doesn't mean you're gorgeous.... It means you're easy, and retarded.
vulgar	Having a bitch ain't goofy. Having bitch dat ain't loyal is
vulgar	Having a bitch come in handy during times like this
vulgar	Having hoes not cool, That one will be better than all them thots
vulgar	Having sex with a guy wont keep him around for you dumb hoes who think that. Theres plenty pussy. Just gotta have a guy who wont give in
vulgar	Having spent the whole of catching fire telling the bitch next to me to put her phone away, I am now battling the masses so I can buy milk
vulgar	Hayfever is a cunt
vulgar	Hazel e looks like a bird... Her and kaep prolly related by nose and shit
clean	Hazlenut coffee and graham crackers every morning
vulgar	He a hoe fa that Incredible vagina is rarely ever attached to an incredible woman. God has a weird sense of humor.
vulgar	He be like bitch dontouch my braids
vulgar	He better choose up cuz ain't No Bitch checcin a nigga that she don't Fw for being wit other bitches...that don't even sound right
vulgar	He bring the hoes out on twitter nigga got magical powers Who is ?
vulgar	He called me a bitch. And he said he was changing? Do you call that changing? I don't think so. How about you go fuck yourself. #pissed
vulgar	He called me just to say he was deleting my number.... bitch please.
vulgar	He could be right... any hoe they had in the 11wd, niggas from the hood RAN thru em....
vulgar	He did dat headband shit on purpose .. Now the whole spurs team fuckin up lookin at this weird lookin nicca
vulgar	He died for a reason I didn't follow you back cuz you fat, bitch. Foh large hoe. Jesus ain't pleased fam
vulgar	He does! Lmao Sean Payton been had hoes Lol
vulgar	He doesnt like you, ya stupid bitch. He likes ur vag. Idiot haha. #goingtogethurtagain
vulgar	He don't even follow his bitch
clean	He gets this bratty attitude from Brittany .... and its for the birds.
vulgar	He got Channing Tatum as his bitch,I'm out
vulgar	He got a cousin named jason that rock da Gary Payton....now da same triflin bitches an HIV patient
vulgar	He got hoes for sell! Shop with him! #lmfao #TrekGang
vulgar	He has hickeys on him an its like yeah bitches that's mine and he's like not even trying to hide them. Makes me feel good about life.
vulgar	He hit me with if I tell you who I'm fucking you can't say shit bitch, but her head game on point #RNS
vulgar	He is really on my line singing negro spirituals..!!
vulgar	He lucky he got a bitch that knows how to cook clean wash everything
clean	He may be the President but that doesn't necessarily mean he's in the sole position of power in regard to making such decisions.
vulgar	He needs too! We win titles when he smacks hoes! Big Ben gone smack another hoe after this lost sorry
clean	He never replied to my asking about his calling me a redneck
clean	He said capri-sun and zebra cake
clean	He so trash Cary Williamsc GOT CARRIED lol
clean	He's a pretty damn good actor. But as a gay man it's awesome to see an openly queer actor given the lead role for a major superhero film.
clean	He's trash tho Its 10 Million Naira If You Want Me On Your Song Wizkid via
clean	He's trash. he said he's not doing collabs for anything less than 10 mil naira like booyyyyyy
clean	Hear the birds on the summer breeze, I drive fast
clean	Hella just ordered me some beanies
clean	Hello American people, my name is Eric Cantor and I am a lying piece of bird poo
clean	Her excuse is when I die u can have all my gold. I don't even like yellow gold anymore. I gave her all of mine.
clean	Here we go brownies here we go! WOOF WOOF!
clean	Hey fans. If anyone is wondering what the yellow tab on the back of the collar for - it's for teams that have won a champion
clean	Hey fans is this a good score ? lookingformore
clean	Hey everybody, The White Iron Band plays this Saturday(12-11-10) on the Slopes of Lutsen,MN at Papa Charlies(21+). Going to be a real...
clean	Hey if I stir a Spider, Rockstar, and Monster together and chug it, would I /definitely/ be hospitalized or just maybe? Asking for a friend
clean	Hey! I'm gonna get some sort of bird tattooed on my body, accompanied with an anchor/rope situation. No one's doing that right now, right?
clean	Hi Charlie, eating leftover candy?
clean	Highhhhh watching dawn of planet of the apes StonerNation LifeComplete
clean	Hmu talmbout match but when I pull up its 30 other niccas wit ya
clean	Hoi, fai moke hau!!!
clean	Hold all your ghetto labeled and endorsed vodka brands, you can rum me silly any day. ShiverMeTimbers
clean	Holy monkey balls its warm today
clean	Home to chicken and penne Alfredo and Oreos and banjo
clean	Homemade Soup is very good with vegetables on the side with crackers
clean	Homework and boonies date with Caitlin tonight
clean	Horny called me asking her to buy her a drink this morning and then this jiggaboo walks in WITH A SONIC DRINK IN HER HAND DONE
clean	Houston has so many trash drivers
clean	How about a Charles in Charge movie with Shia LeBouf as Charlie and Ryan Gosling as Buddy. WhyNot.
clean	How bout them redskins?
clean	How is Angry Birds the movie going to work? They're just floating bird heads?
clean	How is that not a yellow on Ronaldo for full on body bumping the ref?
clean	How long after the redskins change their nsme will all memorabilia w/redskind name be deemef racist and therefore illegal? Any thoughts?
clean	How many Yankees players have 3K hits? You have to put DerekJeter in the conversation for Best Yankee Ever. His numbers demand it.
clean	How now, gung-ho?
clean	How the hell was David Murphy's hit not a home run?! Clearly over the yellow line. another umpire mess up... Smh
clean	Hugs or Kisses? Hugs. It gives you a warm fuzzy feeling.
clean	I LOVE my 10 5 but most days they remind me why birth control is important later in life. I miss my baby bird! Come home, 18!
clean	I almost stepped on a bird running around the floor ah they are so creepy
clean	I also had a dream that I went to the FOB show and FOB was rude to me and was getting badly hit on by some creep
clean	I always soprised dat I has mo while followers den colored
clean	I am a Yankee by birth, and lived much of my life in north. I see no diff in level of racism
clean	I am a celestial body hello
clean	I am currently using a yellow marker that is literally called Spanish Orange for this drawing of ; absolute perfection.
clean	I am extremely sad to have to admit that some of the best 21st century Arabic rhymes have been written by Jihadis
clean	I asked the name of the bird ancient Egyptians used as the sun of god Heru (Horus).The Pheonix (firebird).
clean	I ate a monkey. AndNowIHaveEbola
clean	I be jamming Skid Row,Kix,Cinderella,Damn Yankees,Bon Jovi,Def Leppard,Whitesnake,Extreme,Vinnie Vincent Invasion,Ratt,Scorpions etc
clean	I been to mushroom mountain Once or twice but who's countin But nothin compares To these blue yellow purple pills
clean	I can hear birds outside!!!
clean	I can hear my mom playing flappy bird in the living room
clean	I can hear the birds chirpin!
clean	I can jig, but I can't jig jig. like that new jigging got so much in it that you could do, you really gotta be in shape for it.
clean	I can't even find it in me to mock anymore. This is scary. This mass ignorance is terrifying. Yes, alas, I agree.
clean	I can't play flappy bird. It makes me angry.
clean	I can't sleep so ima watch Spongebob and eat crackers and peanut butter
clean	I can't take you serious if you wear colored contacts.
clean	I can't wait to post the designs of my new walkout shirts, sweaters, and hats! Should have the official mock up done tomorrow. They're sexy.
clean	I can't wait to watch the saints put their weiner right in the cowboys butts . Dallas is trash
clean	I can't watch Charlie St. Cloud because I cry like a little baby. Every. Single. Time.
clean	I cannot express how infinitely better the book is to this trash.
clean	I confess. I'm autistic or something. I thought Aerosmith DreamOn was LedZeppelin until like yesterday... retarded
clean	I could go for a brownie right now
clean	I couldn't press send. That tweet about anchor babies was even too raw for me.
clean	I def got a few shades darker cutting my mama grass. There goes my yellow frame lol
clean	I didnt buy any alcohol this weekend, and only bought 20 fags. Proud that I still have 40 quid tbh
clean	I dont talk trash regarding sports.
clean	I don't blame Crash for not sharing with you you'll probably talk trash about it like you do food trucks GeoffHatesPuppies
clean	I don't know what's more stressful, midterms or flappy birds.
clean	I don't own any Onslaught on Vinyl I may have to get one now. Their new Lp is available in army green coloured vinyl
clean	I don't want to deal with yesterday's trash! There's a reason it got thrown out in the first place
clean	I done been to the top, I done sipped the juice/ and with that being said, bird crumbs will NEVER do!
clean	I dont understand rich people who dress like trash
clean	I feel utterly retarded. Thanks big brother
clean	I find it amusing that Senator is an anchor baby. LMAO
clean	I found your arm in that trash receptacle and your leg in the mud down by that stream.You should consider keeping better track of your limbs
clean	I from the planet of apes king Kong clips
clean	I get a 50 pound bag of dawg for the mutts
clean	I got a uncle through marriage dude got hips like big momma I swear all the lil kids mock his walk and he don't even know it
clean	I got dirty birds hey shoot like Larry bird hey
clean	I got my eyes on this red bone
clean	I got to get the trash out and make breakfast for the Frau and start laundry so y'all be good till I get back. Cracker Out!
clean	I grew to hate blonde and primary colored weaves but that wouldn't stop me from requesting some good mouthwork.
clean	I had froyo with brownies for dinner tonight. Being an adult is making these executive decisions
clean	I hate chunky pasta sauce. KEEP PESKY VEGETABLES WAY FROM ME
clean	I hate Hashtag activism. No lie. I think 95% of it is trash.
clean	I hate being profiled. I'm not country, I'm not a hick. I'm Eric Dean Vestal, and I'm doing what makes me happy, not anything else.
clean	I hate my dog's name... It sounds so ghetto.
clean	I hate that I wake up early the morning after I drink. But the fact that there was a cold yellow gatorade in the fridge gets me so happy
clean	I hate that wee boy wae the squinty eyes in the game of thrones. Suchaprick hopehegetskilled
clean	I hate when females try to sound like bird heads
clean	I hate yellow jackets can't feel arms and back lol
clean	I have a feeling tonight will be trash.
clean	I have never actually seen a yellow duck.
clean	I have no clothes that make me look like a redneck but I tried my best
clean	I have really light colored eyebrows naturally and it's not ok
clean	I have to dress up tomorrow for mock interviews and I still don't know how to tie the tie
clean	I hear the birds in the summer breeze; I drive fast; I am alone at midnight.
clean	I hear the same thing day in and day out... its for the birds.
clean	I hope Charlie brought the lube for this test...
clean	I hope the Yankees get Soriano, shoulda never gave him away for Alex Rodriguez
clean	I hope the trash I talk abt s poor product doesn't hurt my chances of getting hired as a legal correspondent. I was jk CNN.
clean	I hopes dis don't come as a severe shock to use but I'm colored
clean	I ignore birds
clean	I just might buy myself an A-Rod jersey NewYork Yankees MLB
clean	I just need the Yankees to win the pennant!
clean	I just put down a pan of brownies
clean	I just saw a man have a actual conversation with his bird haha
clean	I just wanna cuddle with my boyfriend under a fuzzy blanket drink hot tea and have my hair played with so I can go to bed.
clean	I just want some Oreos milk honestly. Just stop by the store pick up some on your way back lol
clean	I just want vanilla Oreos
clean	I just whipped up these homemade pickled eggs while home being a cripple... Made with garlic
clean	I keep running under trees or when birds fly to avoid their, erm, being targeted by their lack of a digestive system.
clean	I know I'm a hillbilly, but is there anything better than a big pot of beans and cornbread? Little hot sauce on top.
clean	I know right. Get one guy out!!! Man! You had ONE JOB, Josh Outman! Yankees
clean	I learnt about birds as a child. Best time to learn
clean	I like Rivers he talks a lot of trash you can tell he loves the game
clean	I like the Yankees toinight -107
clean	I like to mock Apple, but I'm legitimately interested to see what their wearable looks like.
clean	I liked a video The Sock Fairy, a short film
clean	I live for two-bite brownies
clean	I look like a dusty bird today...
clean	I love Butter by ATCQ, but I'd love it more if Q-Tip's hook was just looped for three and a half minutes instead of Phife's trash verses.
clean	I love Liv when she gets ghetto
clean	I love floating monkey heads as much as the next person but Active Surplus website is just redonkulus.
clean	I love how we can marry and still be the same queer, messy, funny, fabulous, dramatic community we've always been. Why I love us.
clean	I love jigg jigg
clean	I love me some chunky babies
clean	I love the acoustic domes in the hallways. Favorite place to sing in public. No lie.
clean	I love watching birds migrate. Wish I understood why it's such a peaceful sight.
clean	I love wearing fuzzy socks to work
clean	I luh to lick the middle like an Oreo
clean	I luv watching gas monkey, they be havin some classics on there.
clean	I may or may not have at least 4 FOB related tattoos already planned out.
clean	I mean most ppl confuse when to use to and too, this nicca used the word two when he should've used to
clean	I mean...If you blow a foul there, it has to be a yellow in that situation no?
clean	I miss Twinkies and Susie Qs. Tragic loss to society. What is next? Pixie Turtles?
clean	I miss my monkey
clean	I need a Spanish WOMAN. They don't have ghetto names. They can cook. They down with u till the casket and they curvy.
clean	I need a cowboy killer and a cold one about now. probably too tired tho to get down.
clean	I need a heated bra because my nips hurt so bad!
clean	I need like 43 fuzzy blankets to sleep
clean	I need sleep but can't seem to get that place that let's you clam down and sleep :(
clean	I need to pick between two wigs. The agony. ;__; My cute multi-colored bob or my red Stevie Nicks curly one?
clean	I nicknamed Lux Coach K because without him we would of never heard of Duke lol Charlie
clean	I openly admit to being the level of white trash that will drive across town to the gas station with free hot dogs half price drinks.
clean	I pictured Angus running up the side of FOB Sharana with every day in Afghanistan
clean	I rather watch the oak cliff redskins and oak cliff comets play hell
clean	I really want a girl to make me some brownies
clean	I really want a sports star to get a pet monkey and name him Achilles.
clean	I remember laying on a hospital bed after being shot ranting about how coconut shrimp was trash.
clean	I remember the VA Tech band called us planet of the apes. I was ready to flip
clean	I rescued a baby bird
clean	I said middle school days as in the ghetto way people... and what I am nor here to impress you what are you go...
clean	I see u jigga!!! Hillary $wankin
clean	I see ya big Boi in the Oreo V's
clean	I sho do miss my Uncle Tom
clean	I should start wearing beanies more
clean	I show do like The Jeffersons. Dat George make me wanna open up a dry cleaning stow and call all da white folk honkey
clean	I still can't understand why we don't dump our trash in the ocean. it's pretty big and it'd surely be cheaper than launching it into space.
clean	I swear the people cleaning the office switch what side the trash vs recycling cans are on on purpose to mess with me.
clean	I talked to some birds... I fell in love again...
clean	I think I found a normal roommate again! Praise be to Jesus! These current ones are about to get their throats slit in their sleep!
clean	I think I'll have salad bar for lunch today. Gotta make up for the birthday brownies somehow... LastHurrahThenDietStarts
clean	I think I'll just eat this brownie and pass out
clean	I think I'm gonna walk around the house free as a bird.
clean	I think about the fact that dinosaurs evolved into birds every time I eat chicken. Dinosaurs are delicious.
clean	I thought she was albino tho
clean	I told her too. I said bri don't get in tweef with anyone because you're trash at it and then she goes and tweefs with like 6 freshman
clean	I took 2 Rebel vs. Yankee tests (40 questions, accents, word usage) and scored a total % of 47.5% Rebel vs. 52.5% Yankee in southern Pa.
clean	I traveled back in time to Middle-earth and crept up on my enemy. I slit the hobbit's throat and by reflex vomited into my trembling hand.
clean	I uploaded a video GOProud Makes Money Out of Twinkie Crisis in Free Market Spirit
clean	I uploaded a video UPDATE ON UGANDA ANTI-GAY BILL: Freemasonry, Anglo-American Influence, and
clean	I used to chug vodka and orange juice. I also used to chug vodka and gatorade... I used to chug vodka.
clean	I used to get GRs a lot, tho. maybe that's why my soles cracked so much...
clean	I used to picture him coming up the wadi to FOB Sharana with a barrel of brandy for me
clean	I wanna go to a trash talk concert
clean	I wanna try pot brownies.
clean	I want Oreos!!! Who can help me
clean	I want a cowboy killer
clean	I want a four loco right now so I can chug it and go straight to sleep.
clean	I want a slope job so I can get away from everything and be by myself for two weeks. I hate being around people unless they are my friends.
clean	I want some cookies, brownies and ice cream.
clean	I want some monkey bread
clean	I want some monkey bread.
clean	I want to go to the pumpkin patch but the love birds will make it a date and then the rest of us will be uncomfortable.
clean	I was accused of never taking a full front face shot, so here is one. No slant or angle or nothing. :)
clean	I was flying down the slope and just rammed into this small Asian boy, kid got up like a champ and walked it off
clean	I was in love with Charlie
clean	I was informed about a bird (pheonix) today that I could not find a physical image of.All paintings.Mythological or extinct?
clean	I was told never fold never sell my sole
clean	I went outside and got mad bc this weather is trash
clean	I went to see This is Where I Leave You, at a movie theater with tables and real food! It was fun. I ordered a brownie dessert. :P
clean	I wept when ThurmanMunson died, and I weep 35 years later. Captain Yankees
clean	I wonder how many Yankee fans are hurt that Derek Jeter is out until after the all star break lmao
clean	I would describe s work as blaxican.
clean	I would like to test and see how long your tongue really is, my lady. [eggplant emoji]
clean	I would went in on that ref hell, with a post game interview saying he called me sad and trash.
clean	I'd be the best at owning a bird. I could teach them the funniest things to say.
clean	I'd do anything for an Oreo vanilla bean drink from dunkin a chocolate chip muffin from there too...I'm starving that sounds so good now.
clean	I'd kill to meet Charlie Sheen.
clean	I'd rather follow some girls on Instagram rather than have their bird brain tweets on my tl
clean	I'd rather hear Neal DeGrasse Tyson tell me about scientific mistakes in their assumptions than some WASP...
clean	I'll be a Yankee fan forever
clean	I'll give you a baby zebra girl.
clean	I'll let u clam on top and let dat nookie pop I'm in dat cookie jar I ain't no rookie girllll
clean	I'm 81 and I still eat animal crackers EMABiggestFans1D
clean	I'm Camera Shy, Don't Talk on Phones and Love when it rain...If youn kno the life you wouldn't understand
clean	I'm Hun-gry
clean	I'm Pregnant Charlie Brown! WorstPeanutsSpecialEver
clean	I'm a redneck, but without the homophobia and racism
clean	I'm a sucker for colored eyes
clean	I'm about to post my Charlie Clips vs Yung ill rap battle review in a few
clean	I'm an 18 year old gay driving through the back roads of redneck Virginia blasting Cheetah Girls. If that doesn't scream sitcom, what does?
clean	I'm definitely watching that mook/ lux battle today damn it!!!
clean	I'm finna see the Yankees win a baseball game
clean	I'm getting sleepy and my phone is acting retarded...
clean	I'm going to dress up as trash for Halloween. Oh wait, I look like that everyday.
clean	I'm gonna be ghetto and color over the stain with a sharpie ctfu
clean	I'm hooked on monkey phonics.
clean	I'm in my bed like half asleep and stuff. But I really want that Oreo coffee coolatta.
clean	I'm jus a trill nicca mane
clean	I'm just sitting here waiting for twitter to explode once this Yankees game ends
clean	I'm just tryna get to sleep before the birds start getting rowdy.
clean	I'm making pollo a la brasso today
clean	I'm not big on the Uncle Tom slur anyway, but can we at least reserve it for those who earn it, not just those who dare to not vote Dem?
clean	I'm not from the ghetto.
clean	I'm not really a phone kinda guy... I actually hate talking on the phone texting kinda trash to me also.
clean	I'm okay with rasor talking trash
clean	I'm the biggest redskins dam right now if they get this stop
clean	I've got a birds eye view of all the secrets you keep.
clean	I've got saltine crackers and red wine here. Is it possible to DIY a communion? I, uh, haven't been to church in awhile. tbtweets
clean	I've never had a Twinkie.
clean	I've pretty much eaten an entire box of my nephew's cheese nips. I only feel bad a little.
clean	I've seen MajorLeauge with Charlie Sheen...and the Giants committed sin when they worshipped barrybonds as a batting coach
clean	I, for one, welcome our new Eastern Panhandle overlords, and hope they do a better job than the yokels who got us here in the first place.
clean	ISIS Jihadis Discuss Buying And Selling Yezidi Girls As Slaves tcot pjnet
clean	ISIS Jihadis In Australia Shoot Man In The Face, Chanting ISIS Will Stay tcot pjnet
clean	ISIS Supporters in America: The Jihadis Next Door
clean	Idiotic censorship drive by France President fails to understand that he's empowering Jihadis by censoring the internet wholesale fail
clean	If Ashton is trash then what does that make me! Come on guys someone like Ashton can't be trash, he makes too many people smile!!!
clean	If I ever committ a crime, you can cite LVL as being the sole influence.
clean	If I were a kid today...Michelle Obama's lunch would wind up in the trash can
clean	If I'm legit trying, the WORST thing you can do is try and play games with me. You'll get the bird sooo fast.
clean	If Temple beats Rutgers today, I will be a happy clam.
clean	If anyone wants to bring me a sweet tea to my party... That'd make my bday perfect... Well that and cracker barrel
clean	If ever sports seemed scripted , this ending to this Yankee game proved it
clean	If i wasn't a Yankee fan i probably would be a SF Giants fan LOL
clean	If only I dated a girl that lived off Mack Road I could just get the holy trinity of Sacramento ghettos on a daily basis
clean	If someone pushes you too hard today, they may be surprised ho... More for Capricorn
clean	If the get Dempster, they just look like they're getting older. smh Bring some youth!!! mlb
clean	If the Yankees can't beat the Red Sox, they don't even deserve to be in the playoffs yankees redsox mlb
clean	If the crust aint graham cracker, keep that pie
clean	If train officers that are wearing body armor stand back to watch the smoke clear. Why does every gun ho wanna be...
clean	If you are descended from anything less than European nobility and/or royalty, then you are non-titled common gutter trash.
clean	If you didn't have tattoos as a diversion for your bird chest and malnourished body sir... your instagram would be trash
clean	If you enjoy hunting for sport, then you're trash. If you hunt for food, you deserve to starve.
clean	If you must call me a cracker, please call me a Cheez-It, not a saltine.
clean	If you think that the term redskins being offensive is a political issue, you are ignorant.
clean	If you're not directly descended from European royalty and upper nobility, then you're not fully human. You're just common gutter trash.
clean	If you've ever been to drunk to fish, you might be a redneck
clean	Iggy is trending. Twitter's trash today.
clean	Igot to level 21 so far on flappy birds smh
clean	Im a twat
clean	Im glad I met this chick. Reminds me the trash I left behind
clean	Im in mickey ds and he gone ask for a double cheese burger wit no cheese!!! FOH
clean	Im ready for today iu iubb hoosiers hoosierstate ncaa big10 michigan gameday btown
clean	Im telling you man! Roethlisberger got his record expunged and became trash.
clean	Ima trash in fantasy
clean	In-N-Out is like the sunshine and blue sky. The song of a bird. A smile at the front porch. The perfume of the ocean on wind-kissed cheeks.
clean	Inbed eating left over poppadom. livinthedream
clean	Indiana lost to Bowling Green. Big Ten continues to be trash.
clean	Inspiring a huge crowd of tourists to sit and watch the wild meadow rats over here by the trash cans. Cameras are out. There is gasping.
clean	International law enforcement operation disrupts Shylock banking malware - PCWorld: International law enforcem...
clean	International police operation disrupts Shylock banking Trojan - Computerworld: The GuardianInternational poli...
clean	Ion kno wat kinda spring clothes imma get my yung nicca dis year we ain't doin da polo dis year gotta offset em wit sumthin else
clean	Is Hillary the dodo bird candidate? via
clean	Is Yankee in a good mood today or what
clean	Is dare any colored players in hockey?
clean	Is it just me or is Hicks saying bung beds?
clean	Is it weird licking your own nip?
clean	Is there a looser college town than BTown ??? If yes id like to visit IU hoosiers
clean	Islamic Jihadis run away to Pakistan UniteBlue
clean	It ain't April Fool's yet... Jay Z trash
clean	It be so good to not gotta woyke in da moanin. I da only colored dat woyke cuz colored folk be lazy and lives off da white guilt
clean	It feels awkward to have the playing against the . I mean, we all know who I'm rooting for, but it's awkward.
clean	It would be pretty cool if I got to see 1 more time before I go back to hillbilly town! ...
clean	It's Karaoke night baby! Hi ho! Hi ho! It's off to sing I go! With a voice that sounds like sandpaper hi ho! Hi ho!
clean	It's a bird? It's a plane? No, it's Peter Walkin on Air Byers
clean	It's a matter of pure weight ratios... A five ounce bird can not carry a one pound coconut!
clean	It's a plane, it's a bird, nah it's just me doing laps around the dam. Lol
clean	It's almost Christmas, Charlie Brown...
clean	It's gonna be a long season for the Yankees if this simulation is right BlueJays Rays Yankees Orioles
clean	It's just not the same, LittleDebbie Cloud Cake are not Twinkies!
clean	It's scientifically proven that no one can not cry at least once while watching Charlie St. Cloud.
clean	It's stuff like this that makes black people look retarded. It's not expressing yourself its stupidity
clean	It's the most hillbilly thought ever. A thing is a way ONE TIME or to ONE AUDIENCE and therefore it must be that way always.
clean	It's weird but I miss Robertson Screwdrivers :( -- From toque to mickey, ten Canadianisms :: via
clean	Its ArabSpring Training, Charlie Brown! rejectedpeanutsspecials
clean	Its suppose to be yellow but we dont do yellow
clean	Jamaica populated with island hillbillies. Even linguistics are kind of the same, if you sub the accent. Olde English derivatives.
clean	Jay Z - Takeover U Don't Know LIVE @ Home Home Concert Yankee Stadium: via
clean	Jeter almost broke Yankee stadium
clean	Jets trash
clean	Jihadi John beheader of journalist Foley and Sotloff Was Arab Charity Collector via
clean	Jihadi John has struck again. Prayers with the victims families. What is the bounty on His head? Time 4 him 2 meet allah
clean	Jihadi pop music debates: yo, bro, did you hear the latest Abu Yasser hit?, No bro, Im totally an Abu Hajar fan UnderGroundCulture
clean	Jihadi propaganda ploy:US had Gulf countries publish pics of their pilots 2 deflect Sunnis anger from itself iran
clean	Jihadi rehab needs to account for the unpleasant fact that it's the worst behaviors that *attract* participants.
clean	Jihadi streams: British ISIS fighter identified as Abu Abdurahman Al Britani killed in action.
clean	Jihadis Turn Washington National Cathedral Into Mosque For Friday Prayers lnyhbt ccot teaparty gop tgdn
clean	Jihadis are running a claim that the King of Saudi Arabia died two days ago. Must be the bombs falling on em that r making em hallucinate.
clean	Jihadis betting on public protests in Britain to force UK gov out of the anti-ISIS coalition
clean	Jihadis circulating a video of the killing by Boko Haram of a Nigerian pilot captured after his helicopter was shoot down
clean	Jihadis claim to have shot an Iraq army Mi-35 attack helicopter in Beji identify its pilot by name, rank
clean	Jihadis identify a man from Indonesia as the one who carried a massive suicide bombing on Speicher camp Iraq
clean	Jihadis keep on prattling about having shot down today what they think is an Apache helicopter. Maybe it was an Mi-35?
clean	Jihadis seem to be more upset over the location of the Jedah conference in Saudi than its purpose ISIS
clean	Jihadis specifically asking for international schools in Saudi to be targeted RealThreat
clean	Jihadis taunting America spreading paranoia: tents that appeared in a video of a Daesh training camp near Mosul.
clean	Jindal seemed to be having an out-of-body experience enhanced by special brownies Bj Up and At Em stribpol mngop
clean	Joba Chamberlain looks like a homeless guy that won a contest. Yankees
clean	John McCain trashes Jay Carny live on CNN - Syria ISIS Obama
clean	Johnny Manziel just flipped somebody the bird...
clean	Jones and Ibaez are out of gas after giving it their all earlier in the first half. The call-ups should get more playing time Yankees MLB
clean	Jose Soto: Reflections of a former gay teabagger
clean	Josef just pitted. Slight possibility he can make it the remaining 67 laps but I highly doubt it. Will need yellow. IndyFest
clean	Js on my feet, that song is trash too loll
clean	Just as trash as the others. Fixed none of my issues. Naw. Anyone download ios 8.0.2 yet?
clean	Just cleaned my fingernails with a knife. hillbilly
clean	Just got done taking some photos with brownie flowcity
clean	Just hit 40 in flappy bird.
clean	Just in case the day couldn't get better wife's Rav 4 had a flat and being the redneck I am I put 16 inch rims on it so there goes $200x2
clean	Just killed 3 birds with 1 stone! Thank God I payed attention in my communication classes work
clean	Just posted a photo @ Yankee Stadium
clean	Just purchased my first trenta iced coffee...this is a slippery slope
clean	Just saw a crow gallop across the road. mmkay wut
clean	Just seen a pic comparison of Lou Holtz and he grandma off Beverly hillbillies and I can't stop crying tears of unfathomable hilarity.
clean	Just spoke w/ legend, mentor Charlie Ericksen. Great to catch up w/ those who helped open doors for Latino journos thankful
clean	Just stopped by the line up room still look like a doo wop singer.
clean	Just when I'm feeling totally useless in the world (another) baby bird found in need of TLC Just call me DrDolittle
clean	KFC biscuits trash now
clean	Kanyeeeeeee is just a yard ape acting idiot!just stupid...
clean	Keep those away frm Charlie Day Just once in my life I'd like for someone's favorite part of my body to be my disgusting knees.
clean	Kentucky Fried cater to da white folk. No colored menu
clean	Khloee's new backpack that we colored last night!
clean	Kill la kill was trash
clean	Killing it at home! NBA pacers indiana paulgeorge hoosiers basketball hashtag winning
clean	King, TI vs tip and that troubleman albums all trash.
clean	Knock em down wit sum chunky
clean	LA MQUINA Una vez en Japn 5 japoneses crearon una mquina que atrapaba ladrones. Primero la mquina la...
clean	LMAO Joe was calling whitehouse offering advice. Yeah the President cares what a disgraced FORMER redneck House guy from fl says morningjoe
clean	LMFAOOOOO BYE American sports trash. Soccer and Hockey the best sports.
clean	LOL at the Benghazi hearings that proved nothing other than Republicans only care about taking down PBO. foxnews teabaggers
clean	LOL there's a talking monkey live on the internet! Will wonders never cease?
clean	LOLOLOL Freddy still have all the birds, doppz still a wet man, harry still on parry, and we salting
clean	Lakers are a purple and yellow garbage can
clean	Lakers fans will feel the pain the Yankees fans are feeling today at the end of basketball season.
clean	Laughing at my deck that they gave me, yellow and jesus stencils all over it
clean	Lauren I ate candy we found on the floor during class we are trash
clean	Leave it 2 teabaggers 2 whine about infrastructure when they r the ones who won't pay for it. Waiting on god to fix it? morningjoe
clean	Leave it up to me it would've been in the trash... All of it.
clean	Legion of jig
clean	Let the jig commence
clean	Let this white boy be ghetto
clean	Let's be serious. Most fans/callers wanted to run heavily and dink and dunk. doesn't work great against a D you can't get extra yrds against
clean	Let's cripple the vanity industry. How? Actually start liking who we are, and how we look.
clean	Let's go for the sweep!!! Yankees SubwaySeries
clean	Let's just say the hotel I've been staying at isn't going to want this hand towel back. I had no idea I could turn em that shade of yellow.
clean	Let's play What will the ghetto white girl with neck tattoos in front of me buy. If you answered Cigarillo's...you've seen this episode b4
clean	Lethal bird flu cocktail sent out of lab accidentally went unreported CDC
clean	Lets finish strong Yankees
clean	Lets go hoosiers iubb
clean	Libs trash Saira Blair, an 18-year-old Republican who won a seat in the West Virginia legislature
clean	Like Baathists before them, ISIS Al Qaeda supporters rivalry is as absurd as their cause - battling for who's the more authentic Jihadi
clean	Lil Kim really made herself trash smh
clean	Lilly just tried to climb up a tree after a bird and completely failed oh my god
clean	Literally in the middle of the ghetto and these people look scary
clean	Literally just got up and the first thing I did was chug a huge glass of water
clean	Little bitty bumble bee bumblebee
clean	Little things can just kill a negros mood man
clean	Live birds found in Elmo doll at US-Mexico border (from )
clean	Lmao The in soles in Reebok Classics can't even handle the diabetic weight Rick Ross holds
clean	Lmao Lowkey Peyton Manning trash
clean	Lmao redskins turnin up
clean	Lmao the shovel video is pretty awesome, she went down like a ton of bricks lol. Gotta love honky riff raff savages. That is all.
clean	Lmaoo we was sayin this same statement last year Boozer is trash bro I'm done!!!
clean	Lmaooo naw man Yo want in U serious bro??? lol 2-3:10am early bird special
clean	Lmaoooo!!! A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
clean	Lmaoooooo @ Supreme being trash. Guess Bape is trash to huh?
clean	Lmfao The New York have won 27 World Series titles the most of all-time.
clean	Lmfao no you didnt got cute new avi and all but she too old for colored contacts
clean	Lol colored contacts played out.
clean	Lol ike Turner
clean	Lol... shut up! lmao early bird gets the worm
clean	Long yellow.
clean	Looking back I liked colored better. Let's go back to that
clean	Looking forward to NCAA and NBA basketball in the states soon iubb hoosiers pacers PacerNation and of course breadsticks.
clean	Looks as if Federal Gun Laws to be proposed this week lack AWB. Hope the media and antigun crowd choke on crow.
clean	Looks like the Yankees will be competing with Boston for the East cellar this year MLB
clean	Love is a bird of flames. Thank you for that song
clean	MT: Ted Cruz We are proud wacko birds. StandWithCruz KeepCruzing is that a pun?
clean	Mace For Your Wife, Charlie Brown? rejectedpeanutsspecials
clean	Mad respect to Affleck for refusing to wear a Yankees cap, though as a Sox fan wearing a Mets cap probably irritated him too.
clean	Madea and this old hillbilly are hilarious together.
clean	Magellan? You suck at trash talk.
clean	Majority of it is trash anyway.
clean	Majority of the time, a woman's story is trash anyway...
clean	Making brownies
clean	Making up Drake disses cant wait to call it trash and tell everyone that B L U will forver be the goat out of LA
clean	Man arrested after 40 opened nip bottles of vodka found in car
clean	Man im glad im around to see the redskins go to the playoffs considering it only happens once in a lifetime RedskinsBlow
clean	Man in zebra print dress robs bank
clean	Man talk to em Of course nothing is wrong with applebees if you like trash food.
clean	Man, that is a serious shiner Chara's sporting. Yowza.
clean	Mann are first game is 3 weeks from now can't wait - once a redskin always a redskin -
clean	Mannnn tonight feels like trash.
clean	Manual labor so trash
clean	Many people claiming slippery slope is now absolute are same ones who said slippery slope is an argument for the paranoid delusional. tcot
clean	Marcus Smart belongs on the Celtics. Both trash. It was destiny.
clean	Mark Teixeira finally stepping up, HR and couple of BBs Yankees
clean	Mata'i ngeli, alu o polosi ho nifo...
clean	May the bird of paradise fly up your nose. May an elephant caress you with his toes. May your wife have runners u
clean	Maybe is colored blind with his red lines and all. Tough talk, no walk. tcot
clean	Maybe I don't feel too great because I only got 3hrs of sleep. Surely it's not last nights boxes of cookies crackers dinner! chunk
clean	McCann, although not having the greatest of seasons, would be a step up from Russel Martin. McCann or Carlos Ruiz MLB Yankees
clean	McDonald's is hella trash to me now
clean	Me hubby relaxing from the studio for a lil...then headed str8 to my honey doo wop wops bday bash Kristen...
clean	Me and this song bird sang in the same HS gospel choir!!!
clean	Me gusta pollo so espaol that. Lol.
clean	Me: downloads flappy bird* Sierra: welp there goes school
clean	Meatloaf cream potatoes deer steak and gravy pinto beans and cornbread pear cobbler n bread pudding @ FHC
clean	Meet Indias amazing, death-defying monkey king
clean	Memorial Weekend early bird wine walk price is still available! We have 21 participating locations
clean	Mentions probably look like a septic tank. Go ahead. Meme me! CosbyMeme
clean	Met a woman who was trying to feed a crow a Brazil nut
clean	Mi caldito de pollo estuvo incredible!!! Ahora a snuggle con mi snuggie y mi hubby... Queeee riiikkooo...
clean	Miami's run defense is Alex Smith trash.
clean	Mint Oreos
clean	Mississippi state fans are the best to just mock. It's so easy. Poor state. It's hard getting wins against top 25 opponents. FailState
clean	Mitt Romney hates big bird. Fascist.
clean	Molly and Ellie need the teas, so CafeShaw bound I go. Everyone else is off to Amsterdam I couldn't get time off so hey ho 8-)
clean	Monkey see monkey do really Abu
clean	Monkey see monkey doo
clean	Moral to the story: If you like the Yanks, I'll pretty much do anything you tell me to do.
clean	Morning terror read: 99% of the ocean's trash is gone and no one knows where it went
clean	Morning trash
clean	Mother Nature hates the Yankees and baseball
clean	Mr President homeland security, please ignore any foreign threats and focus your sole attention on our police force ACAB LANDOFTHEFREE
clean	Munching on ww crackers studying NYCs trans syst. Since NYC I haven't had a thing in over 15 yrs clubinsomnia vacay
clean	Muzzled pit bull with throat slit found on side of road in PA via HIDEOUS ABUSE THROAT SLIT LEFT TO DIE
clean	My Hawaiian thought of the day, No Aloha for muzzie pigs, EVER!
clean	My Oriental Gallery Blog: The New Land of Free Enterprise
clean	My Twitter app is poo trash.
clean	My arguement with she's the baddest white girl is she's trash.Her argurment with she's trash is But she's paid...
clean	My auto correct makes me sound so FOB
clean	My baby boy asleep with my monkey that I had since I was little! I love my son so much!
clean	My baby guinea pig is so cute Adorable
clean	My best friend says I don't need to be in love right now ... he thinks its too soon to love monkey...
clean	My bf loves crows. Thought he might enjoy the last tweet!
clean	My bird got a headache
clean	My black queen dreading my hairs.Thank you Most High for this Moor Queen I asked you for.I want to BE BEtter with her
clean	My doctors office is retarded, we noticed you put in a prescription order, so we canceled it. Give us a call if you need a refill, thanks!
clean	My favorite DC restaurant is Charlie Palmers.
clean	My flow retarded
clean	My goal for soccer this year is to get a yellow card every game
clean	My grandma threw out all of my raps. Ones I made from 7th grade to now. I'm literally crying. Thats all my work in the trash.
clean	My hair is trash. I need to put a masque on it... But that takes so much energy that I don't have.
clean	My head too big for snapbacks , I like beanies better anyway
clean	My mama made me some brownies they was everything
clean	My manager new brand | PRE - ORDER NOW w/ (404) 394-1570-- Red Lust Cherry White beanies
clean	My mom didn't buy me Oreos she doesn't love me
clean	My mom wants to buy a zebra like for reals
clean	My nephew albino albinos have astigmatisms eye spasms partial blindness its not their faults
clean	My nicca swear he can see me in madden lol
clean	My nicca Drake gear game is all bad lol
clean	My nig kkeldalegend took me out for some more of that good old New Orleans soul food!
clean	My nips are cold
clean	My nudes are trash...
clean	My phone on 10% fml I still gotta get to the yellow sign lol motivation lol btw I zoomed in 2x lol
clean	My pits be stankin from doin dem flows. Is hard on a ol colored body in da heat. Dem white women be pushy when day want dare flows fixed
clean	My shift won't be over no time so in the mean time im doing what I have to go to get by. And if it means tweeting trash I will
clean	My sister told me that I look like a bird. While my past told me that I look like an alien.
clean	My son is 9 and still has issues tying his shoes because he's barefoot all the time, in case you wanted to know my hillbilly status.
clean	My teacher always says Has a man ever abused his wife while using marijuana? Not unless she hides the Oreo cookies then she deserves it.
clean	NBA, handle your zebras.
clean	NEVERMIND I FOUND THEM. ...in the trash...
clean	NEW Nashville Noise! loves burgers, honky tonks, and grabs a pizza.
clean	NFC South is trash juice
clean	NJ-Sole Sole Sauce! Get those soles icy again!
clean	NYC Media last week: LOL, look at the flyover peckerwoods freaking out. NYC Media now: BRING OUT YOUR DEAD.
clean	Nah Electric Fairy Tale seems cool but I'd rather buy some drugs with that money
clean	Nah. ITS OVER People don't tell artists what do to. That's defies the definition of what WE ARE TRYING TO SHOW youpeople. retards game7
clean	National Review calls gay marriage lawlessness oregon tcot gop NOM lol teabaggers
clean	Nature's majesty is beautiful! *melts butter* PHOTO: Rare blue-colored red king crab caught in Alaska waters:
clean	Never seen a tinted yellow tongue before. She just ate a lemon jolly rancher?
clean	Never seen purple bird poop until today lol
clean	Never turned my back on the birds
clean	New jersey should be yellow with a green chevron stripe like charlie brown's jersey
clean	New show announced in Lutsen, MN at Papa Charlies on December 11, 2010
clean	New show announced in Lutsen, MN at Papa Charlies on January 29, 2011
clean	New test makes your poop neon colored if you have colon cancer
clean	Next time you leave magic trash in my jacket try not to have your initials written on them.
clean	Nicholas Rushlow, wearing lucky yellow shirt, nails theophylline - bitter crystalline compound extracted from tea leaves spellingbee
clean	Nike DC is trash.
clean	Nipple banana monkey!
clean	No cuz redskins are dumpster juice game of the week. still the best rivalry in sports
clean	No more speculation. No more mock drafts. It's finally Draft Day. BortlesKombat StormWarning BuiltByUCF ChargeOn
clean	No one has even eaten a Twinkie in, like, decades.
clean	Nobody gives me a trophy cause I'm old and colored FavStarTweets
clean	Nope! It's just yellow OTL
clean	Norwalk ghetto af lol all of a sudden everyone a dodger and raider fan
clean	Nose goes on taking out the trash this time.
clean	Not a word on Jihadi stream about the Kurdish female suicide bomber in Kobane. That story undermines their mythology on several levels.
clean	Not allowed to play flappy bird around grandma because she swears at me to stop swearing lol
clean	Not really sure how to describe what's happening here eurotrash @ VIP Room
clean	Not sure why teabaggers would care about Nelson Mandela, being that he's one of them if you know what I mean. teaparty tcot
clean	Not that I plan on dying soon, but I'm totally going to write Kenobi in as my sole heir. He's the only thing locally (under 94) I can trust
clean	Not ya grandma brownies, wink wink
clean	Note the rocketeer removes cardboard from launcher and carries it to a trash bin before fleeing. TidyTerrorist
clean	Note: Khorasan is the old Arabic name for parts of Iran, Afghanistan. Not an invention of modern Jihadis. justsayin
clean	Nothing good on TV and the are eating their balls 3 innings in. Great.
clean	Nothing more yokel MSU fan than to constantly reassess Izzo *aka our only consistent winner since D. Daugherty or Biggie flipping Munn*
clean	Nothing says teabagger like a millionaire complaining that they are broke, huh HillaryClinton? Hillary2016, give me a break, lol. p2
clean	Now I am seeing chatter among Jihadi fans taking credit for an alledged kidnapping of a Frenchman in Algeria France
clean	Now I'm gook boy shawty
clean	Now I'm listening to lil spook getting the good kinda sad Imma be single this fall I know you'll getting annoyed with me on your TL but aye
clean	Now infuriated Jihadis are putting out murder requests on Saudi fighter pilots who participated in the bombings in Syria ISIS
clean	Now, the Jihadi networks waking up claiming Raqqa radio confirmed two planes shot down 1 pilot captured. ISIS Syria
clean	OH NO are you saying the Democrats lost the teabagger vote? LMAO bobble head morningjoe
clean	Obama mocked the special Olympics Wendy Davis mocks the handicapped do ya see a pattern? Democrats tcot UniteBlue
clean	Obamas Newly Released Gitmo Jihadi Has Links To Terrorists In Syria tcot pjnet
clean	Obama's Hellfire missiles tend to vaporize Jihadis UniteBlue
clean	Offensive line is trash
clean	Officials: Jihadi Cockroaches Now Booking Tickets On Cruise Ships To Syria
clean	Oh I forgot we lived in the ghetto...hoodrats
clean	Oh Yahweh, your hand is upon me, your shadow hovers over me.For your sake, The House of Ysrah'al mock me all day long
clean	Oh it's coon bike week in Charlotte ok makes sense now
clean	Oh man. This could be a serious first ever Chanel bag contender grape-colored Chanel bags
clean	Oh my. There was an Oreo baked into that chocolate chip cookie. surprise
clean	Oh your gonna ruining your life just throwing it away smoking weed, but my test scores are higher than yours. . . . Just trash my life
clean	Ok so not all the shows on Cartoon Network are complete trash. Stevm Universe is awwwwwesomeeeeee
clean	Okay, so maybe not every in LosAngeles is evil. But I would 80% of the people I've encountered have been trash, another 10% barely human.
clean	Omer Asik so trash on the offensive side of the floor dude real life murky doo doo water
clean	Omg! The cutest little tinker bell ever
clean	Omgggggggggg Mila Kunis is so fing hot. F Sarah Marshall. She's like a bird anorexic.
clean	Omoide Yokocho : Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan / Japn by Lost in Japan, by Miguel Michn
clean	On a mission to find some zebra cakes
clean	On the anniversary of 9/11 ISIS Al Qaeda supporters each claim Ben Laden as their own as a show of their Jihadi authenticity pathetic
clean	On the secret Party mission! Live tweaking to mock FATPO.
clean	Once the brainwork is done on pacemakers at medical device companies, they call in the contract tinker toy engineers like SC_Troll stribpol
clean	One man's trash is another's Transformer
clean	One mans trash is another mans treasure
clean	One mans trash is another mans treasure believe
clean	One more of tonight's dog walk sunset. AKA, invisible bird on a wire. sunset invisiblebird wires
clean	One of best looks too. Charlie Weis couple months ago hanging w/Nelly
clean	One of my favorite songs. There's a man on the shoreline with a white parakeet trying to make his bird go home.
clean	One of the great treasures of living in San Diego is ready access to Mexican Twinkies made with real sugar and Mexican Coca Cola.
clean	One of the world's most prominent Jihadi forums just got shut down
clean	Only Americans are degenerate enough to honor their war dead by having a barbecue. Anyone who grills out for Memorial Day is trash.
clean	Only Blood Can Satisfy The Hungry Flames Of Rhollor, Charlie Brown
clean	Only in my hick town can you walk into a national sports bar and get Busch light in a can. SMH
clean	Oops, I just had a Freudian slit.
clean	Operation Ask Redhead Resolve, Charlie Brown. rejectedpeanutsspecials
clean	Or don't vote for the cripple amirite? bigot MT Vote VoteWendyDavis for Governor of Texas.
clean	Or I'm vibing and they ask to see the aux cord knowing they bout to play some trash
clean	Or get swept in MoTown LOL Yankees Tigers MLB
clean	Or pollo
clean	Or their music is trash
clean	Or when you're in my neighborhood You know you're in the mexcian ghetto when...
clean	Oreo Ice Cream Sandwich
clean	Oreo Shake, I want you.
clean	Oreo milkshakes will forever remind me of
clean	Oreos and coffee for brunch. I do what I want!
clean	Oreos are my life
clean	Oriental rugs cause I'm flyer than a dove.
clean	Oscar Taveras went yardie in his 2nd career MLB at bat. What a stud.
clean	Other Jihadi news ISIS executed Kuwait preacher Redha Lari coz he was...too extreme hampered reconciliation with Nusra with his fatwas
clean	Our female guinea pig is pregnant
clean	Out of day care, I'm taking a kitty nap on you hosers.
clean	Overripe eggplants are not good eats. UNCLEtweet
clean	PHILOSOPHY EXISTENTIALISM AND DEPTH and not trash pop MTVHottestLanaDelRey
clean	PND is my jigga man.
clean	POLLOS A L'AST Dos pollos estaban dando vueltas en una pollera mientras los estaban cocinando a l'ast, cuando...
clean	PSA: Reduced Fat Oreos are waxy and don't soften properly when dunked in milk. STAY AWAY FROM THEM, THEY'RE UNNATURAL! DietSchmiet
clean	Paceys just told me about how flash was touching himself and he was turning yellow and black... whatwashedoing
clean	Padre /Yankee/Angel fans need to stfu
clean	Palin mocks Obama, on Russia rhetorically asks who could have seen this coming, the crowd goes wild CPAC2014
clean	Panda Express is so trash but I wanted Chinese and didn't feel like gettin out the car
clean	Parents Television Council: Scandal sex scene after Charlie Brown was not OK |
clean	Parodies of Jihadi songs - more effective than asinine Muslims should condemn HumorIsAWeapon
clean	Parsons trash
clean	Peace my friend...Only Peace...I am not your enemy...Dont say that word again...Look at my Facebook wall...One of my best friends ever was a Moor
clean	Penn State tryna slant and screen all the way down the field lol
clean	People are so uncivilized.
clean	People be so angry tonight on dis here tweeter. It hard for a colored man to see all dis anger. Like bein in a waffle house in Mississippi
clean	People who chose the country over the City are miserable trash. They deserve neither respect nor consideration. They are less than scum.
clean	People who don't put their blinkers on seriously just need to crash into a pole or something moveoutmywaybitch
clean	People who slam on the brakes at yellow lights should not be allowed to drive.
clean	People with trash cars LOVE to drive fast and reckless
clean	People, this picture far and wide, if for no other reason than it makes teabaggers with poor spelling really angry
clean	Perhaps Ezra Miller is the first crack toward changing that, regardless of whether he identifies as queer over gay.
clean	Perhaps I'm not a diehard Yankee fan, but there's no more point in watching this debacle Yankees Tigers MLB So what else is on? LOL
clean	Permanent slit in my eyebrow from when I tumbled down the bleachers when I was little... I stayed in the ER
clean	Phil Hughes looking like the Phil Hughes of old. 2010. Yankees MLB
clean	Photo check for background spooks.
clean	Photo: Giving you that trailer park trash. transformthursday ladykimora vegasqueens vegasshowgirls
clean	Photo: Rest in peace to these bad boys , some bad advise made me let some old asian dude re glue the sole...
clean	Photo: anarcho-queer: Anarchism stands for a social order based on the free grouping of individuals for...
clean	Pic circulating on Jihadi feeds claiming an ISIS flag on top of Mount Arafa in the holiest day of pilgrimage
clean	Pierce would've easily drained all these shots with us. He's so trash now smh
clean	Playing a show in Lutsen, MN at 9:00 PM today at Papa Charlies
clean	Please stop scoring, otherwise you won't have any runs for tomorrow against Romero Yankees BlueJays MLB
clean	Pm is u use any of the words I use (ex. Sweg,pm,yid,nid) we're dating
clean	Polite, yet militant. birds notfeeding stencil army typeface font ATeam
clean	Poor Henry, he's supporting the right 2/3 of you guys all on his gut! Don't hurt it, Charlie... ()
clean	Popcorn and candy for dinner. I always knew Charlie Brown was my spirit animal.
clean	Pops interviews remain warm and fuzzy.
clean	Posted a new song: guala
clean	Posted a new song: guala music
clean	Practically got arrested tonight, not allowed on UTampa grounds for a year now... fml im retarded
clean	Praise thy lord for this season of beanies that is upon us
clean	Prejudice. A preconceived awareness based on a majority of interactions. The negative slant comes from libs. Self preservation is the basis.
clean	Pretty over this whole Yankees thing, id rather lose in the ALCS every year then live in Detroit... I miss the real Steinbrenner glorydays
clean	Proud to be a redneck patriot :)
clean	Put the redskins in your starting lineup instead of the Dolphins...it'll be fun they said.
clean	RB is so trash now compared to early 2000s.
clean	R-Surge For Charlie Baker-R of 9 points in Demo-State Mass against Coakley-D! DoG via
clean	REPUBLICANS TAKE MASSACHUSETTS GOVERNORSHIP: Coakley Conceds Gov. Race To Charlie Baker.
clean	Jane Seymour rocks a bikini at 62 Crazy Aunt Jane is at it again
clean	Jihadi Killed BrendanTevlin In N.J. W/ At Least 2 Others,Part Of Terrorist Ring 10 Yrs Ago
clean	Twitter tipped its cap to say FarewellCaptain to Jeter in his Yankee Stadium finale. VIDEO:
clean	No prob! Def a good early set energy tool! If you want to tune in, in less than an ho
clean	Bees won, Mets won, and the Yankees lost. It's a good day in baseball.
clean	Check out the homie for that sole sauce! That stuff does miracles!!!
clean	Muslim Jihadi? Keep Calm and... PJNET tcot tgdn ccot RedNationRising teaparty 2A NRA
clean	why get attached to people when you can jump in a trash can and feel the same way
clean	Oregon State WR is a popular 49ers pick in recent mock drafts. DRAFT TRACKER:
clean	Hungover and feeling yyyyyeelllloooowwwwww dbh yellow
clean	It's the best thing ever driving past crowds of people at shows and seeing bandannas coloured hair 5sos shirts that you've made o
clean	A portable septic tank. For allllll those pesky feelings.
clean	Colorado lawmakers consider nations 1st wind energy legislation to protect birds bats.
clean	Neonics are deadly to birds like the American Kestrel and bees. Ask to take it off their shelves. EcoWed
clean	Bron pregame speeches be so trash though lmao
clean	Of rain showers weepy fog of soft light cool touch of wild wind that carry music of birds who cease to soar; this feel
clean	Black Americans Are Worse Off Under BHO Well researched article...bound to elicit cries of Uncle Tom
clean	FEC May Yank 1st Amendment Guards for Drudge, Rest of Internet wiunion
clean	Bae means Before Anyone Else, I've been here thinking it's a ghetto word for babe/baby.
clean	Lifelong Yankee fan puts aside rooting interest and returns lost Red Sox World Series ring to rightful owner:
clean	LTIMAHORA El republicano Charlie Baker elegido gobernador de Massachusetts. Election2014 APracecall
clean	How would I look if I had feathers instead of fur? Would I be able to eat from a bird feeder without getting judging gla
clean	I accidentally ate a few fireflies last night while chewing some leaves I found. The shameful yellow glow of my mouth wa
clean	Grateful for the profound hospitality of volunteers who open their homes to patients traveling long distances for abo ...
clean	wen u look liek trash n sum1 complimentz u
clean	Why does Julia Roberts seem completely shocked that she's been nominated? Hey, Julia -- you're in a gown. The jig is up. Emm
clean	Great job by the Yankees giving Brian Cashman a new contract. The haters are just wrong. CC:
clean	I think it is flat out wrong to blame Brian Cashman for the 2014 Yankees.
clean	Working theory: This selective race abortion ban passed in Florida today was just an excuse for redneck reps to say ...
clean	A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song. MAYA ANGELOU poetry writing
clean	How I feel playing flappy bird
clean	Fox News mocks victim of Ray Rice elevator assault: I think the message is, take the stairs ht
clean	Rick Scott Refuses To Appear On Debate Stage Because Charlie Crist Has An Illegal Electronic Fan via
clean	The people of the ghetto are rising up and fighting back. Whose side are you on? Gaza
clean	Whiteculture thinking weave is ratchet and ghetto while extensions are perfectly fine.
clean	I got gatorades, Twinkies, rice puddings, Pringles, and cookies
clean	Kissin small lips is trash lol...!!! Yessssss
clean	I mean sometimes eating a carton of Double Stuf Oreos is your only option.
clean	You're responsible for the story inside you. Don't let self-doubt cripple your creativity. AmEditing AmWriting WriteTip
clean	Parent in Phoenix Says Administrators Made Her Son Wear Pink Fairy Wings on First Day of High School
clean	Not all men interrupt women to quibble over irrelevant issues for the sole purpose of derailing a conversation, he sa
clean	Bad monkey! AmazingTiming
clean	Big bird has spoken I was weak then I !
clean	Justice for British seagull spray-painted red by thugs! The bird wont be able to fly anymore! h
clean	I like being Asian and all but it's a struggle having squinty eyes in every picture
clean	Charlie Crist says OCare has been great? ccot tcot teaparty PJNET Independents htt
clean	Halloween candy corn bird
clean	If you honk your horn .4 seconds after the light turns green, I will shut off my car, lay on the hood, and feed birds fo
clean	Far right hero and all-around RWNJ D'Souza took to twitter on Thanksgiving to mock Trayvon Martin, a murdered k
clean	150 Christians MASSACRED By Jihadi Muslims While They Slept! Including Pastor, His Wife Kids
clean	Oh Torrence, I can't stand your cheer leading squad but I love your pom poms... I'll feed you bon bons all night.
clean	women only play casual game like Kim K game anger bird. They don't play real games, like Male Power Fantasy 2 or Jingoi
clean	AskAugust How Tall are you? I keep getting different answers from different people abo
clean	Praying today's mg pictures don't come out yellow
clean	There's nothing hotter than a pale albino chick who can play guitar.
clean	When the trash bag is so full , you can barely tie it... STTOOOPP!!!
clean	I want a pet monkey
clean	Apologies trash... What's understood ain't gotta be explained
clean	Cue the liberal left's Uncle Tom attacks against Tim Scott in 4...3...2... tcot teaparty GOP
clean	when you look like trash and someone compliments you
clean	Instant mashed potatoes are trash
clean	When Charlie Crist said Rick Scott, just too shady for the sunshine state
clean	At George Steinbrenner's first Yankees news conference, he said he wouldn't interfere in baseball decisions, promising ...
clean	A 17 year old girl once struck out Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig back to back and was banned from baseball for it Yankees
clean	Big 10 been trash for years now lol its a basketball conference now
clean	The NFL is very equal this season everybody showed glimpses of being trash
clean	The AFL now has an American draft system BearBrother! Couple of Yanks are on the playing lists at so
clean	Poont gotta be trash
clean	This is crazy no RB picked yet. A RB won ROY! 2yrs ago RB was MVP. Ppl 4get how important our position is. This is insane ho
clean	Charlie Sheen did the ice bucket challenge the right way
clean	Sagittarius can be compassionate towards other people when they want to be, especially towards the ones they care abo
clean	Bey lost her ring at the Met Gala. Jay found it instead of just giving it back he gave it to her as a mock proposal
clean	BreakingNews streetart graffiti new mural by duo EtamCru in Rome Italy morning breakfast coffee trash
clean	My iPhone has 2 million times the storage of the 1969 Apollo 11 spacecraft computer. They went to the moon. I throw bird ...
clean	I can't believe the cops shot this fine young man. There goes the cure for cancer... FergusonOctober
clean	One more from Yankees wouldn't be letting Polanco sit in minor leagues, because they're all about w
clean	Luv riding the MetroNorth with sour drunk Yankees fans after a loss... TooBad MetsFan QueensAllDay
clean	We gave GunControl a chance. It failed. No more of this GunSense nonsense. MomsDemand is statist trash
clean	The stars wink knowingly and smile at each other when they see two lovers kissing on a secluded bridge on a balmy autumn nig
clean	I don't like the weather right now it's scaring me lol why is it yellow?
clean	Smoking isnt a game you could get killed monkey see monkey Dooo don't smoke if your not a smoker y'all are the reason ...
clean	if you're on the slope to 30 and still feel 17
clean	If you a bird throw it up birdgang EaglesNation
clean	Pat Martin Is Gonna Show Some Yankees a Thing or Two at the James Beard House Tonight
clean	When someone drops their trash mixtape in my Dms
clean	*Last 5 hours the last hour and a half of work trash just for existing.
clean	My favorite episode of Friends is the one where blacks mysteriously vanish and unemployed white people find affordable ho
clean	yellow face and it's a no.
clean	VIDEO: Dont hurt yourself! hits a jumper over a rookie, proceeds to talk trash ht
clean	VIDEO: CFL LB Solomon Elimimian trash talks an opponent during a halftime interview
clean	VIDEO: Derek Jeter hits a walk-off single on his final at-bat at Yankee Stadium
clean	IWantToPunchPeopleWho mock God
clean	Homeowner Shoots Armed Suspect Who Attacked and Pistol Whipped Him
clean	call me a free bird
clean	Asked Betances before the game if hed like to be a starter again someday. If the Yankees ever asked me, I would. But Im a r
clean	I don't always get drunk and pass out but when I do, when did they start making colored duct tape?
clean	The best way to make a hillbilly do something is to tell him he can't do it.
clean	We now know more about Twinkies and how old the earth is than what happened in Benghazi.
clean	ghetto sour cream
clean	Crooked number followed by shut down frame, love it. Yankees
clean	Grinding! Yankees
clean	GRAPHIC ~ 150 Christians MASSACRED By Jihadi Muslims While They Slept! Including Pastor, His Wife Kids
clean	Charlie: My last two songs will be quasi-religious songs for the sake of who's coming up next.
clean	Daddy, Batmans parents are dead. Yup. And Supermans. Yup. What am I going to be when you die? Sad ho
clean	Gasoline - daddy Yankee
clean	Green and yellow -lil Wayne
clean	I'm so sick head colds suuuck. And on top of that had to challange me to a beer chug
clean	Wiz is garbage to be put in the trash can known as Beyonc to be put in a dumpster known as the VMAs.
clean	Charlie Sheen is a legend ForTheBros
clean	Study these birds closely. See if you can spot the female. It can be done. Even with limited bird watching skills.
clean	Getting over a painful experience is like crossing the monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward.
clean	Just 113 days until Yankees pitchers and catchers report.
clean	abel is a 43 yrs old beaner working @ home depot and he didn't want to hang out with you = major L
clean	Chicken Fries. Shake. Perfection.
clean	A photographer hid in a trash can to get these adorable engagement photos
clean	iphone 6 is trash watch me glo up
clean	she paid $5 to hold the monkey and look what he did this monkey real af
clean	taking out the trash at night
clean	Breathe easy: Twinkies due back on shelves by summer
clean	Reports say female victim was shot while waiting for an Oreo McFlurry
clean	Because humans aren't delicious ho Smarter than dogs AND your 3-year-old child. So why EAT them?
clean	Early bird catches the worm people
clean	Make my way right to the trash can with these. New Season. New Shoes. MakeYourOwnWay WayOfWade
clean	My wife's doing some sort of boot-scootin while singing, a little less talk and a lot more action!...where was this ho
clean	Part of my cousin Danny's Yankee Swap. Pretty hilarious. Very clever. And very Danny.
clean	A nice round-up of voices in China Africa relations: China-Africa Trade: The Oriental Allure
clean	As a kid I listened to Nas. He showed me a new perspective coming from the ghetto like me. Same with Pimp C
clean	Udonis talking some big trash to Lance. LeBron holds him back.
clean	To call Martin baker an Uncle Tom and uppity because he's not siding with the majority pure ignorance...
clean	Great weather to hit up the slopes this weekend... open Saturday! COwx skiseason ht
clean	In Anglo-Saxon calendars, 7 November is considered the first day of winter - Winter's Day:
clean	bunch of rappers boutta flood the internets w/ trash remixes
clean	Ran outside mullet flowin, nips shown. Shotgunned a cold one and yelled, Saturday, welcome back you sexy beast. Mer
clean	Tennessee isn't even orange it's like vitamin pee yellow
clean	My roommate is having sex and I'm eating Oreos. It's gonna be a great year! - Kutztown University
clean	I went to college Every college got a bird class where u can get ya friend to sign u in get an A out the class Rashad
clean	Rihanna really is trash
clean	Let the Dem concern-trolling commence in earnest! Wagons ho!
clean	Must-Watch: Bill Maher Schools PBS Host Charlie Rose Over Islam's Illiberal Beliefs
clean	Found some more of my original yellow bracelets and the first person I thought of was
clean	Parque de atracciones abandonado en Japn.
clean	me waiting on you to take me to NY with you to get my nips pierced
clean	Bend over. And pick up that trash.
clean	I can't wait to wear warm fuzzy sweaters
clean	baby monkey in the snow im crying
clean	love you too my nig squad
clean	I'm finally ready to mass market my skidmark-resistant tighty whities, but apparently Uncrustables is already taken. Fu
clean	The paranoid fear of sharia on the right boils down to: Christian fundamentalists should be the sole oppressors and persecu ...
clean	Godiva Chocolate Dipped Oreos
clean	The new nature area replacing Indian Boundary Park's former zoo is expected to attract a variety of migratory birds
clean	Shy bladder group protests Rob Lowe DIRECTV ad...
clean	Yo BCU band made UCF band look like trash
clean	the ghetto if UD wins tonight:
clean	But only BBC, the American version is trash
clean	Even though a bird can fly, it must land on earth.
clean	Flappy birds cheat codes
clean	I know that's trash
clean	i live for street glory and I die for ghetto fame. respect all, fear none my pride is everything...
clean	Oreo Cookie Pancakes FoodPorn
clean	Charlie Strong got down to the 53-man roster nearly as quickly as Texans did
clean	Was just handed this on my flight. Must be in good hands on this bird!
clean	A bird that courts females by building a beautiful nest with bright objects: wildlife
clean	highest score on flappy bird, cant be beat
clean	that movie was trash
clean	Today in 1996 Charlie Wilson left office. Should be ranked alongside Lech Wasa for his role in defeating communism.
clean	So this is the woman who was a bird then turned into a woman from the sky in Nigeria.
clean	Will Coakley go 0-2 in can't lose races? wow, just wow -- : Charlie Baker for Governor htt
clean	Not the farewell tour's fault everyone but three players underachieved for the Yankees this year.
clean	Colombia supporter reminds us the double bird is a universal language
clean	looked like Princess Bella in that yellow dress
clean	Star Wars meets Charlie Brown
clean	::faints:: She has no idea how many of her resumes went straight to the trash
clean	You realize Im going to have to get out all those horror and other poems I wrote abo
clean	Gracias por jugar con el corazon, ahora a ganarle a los Yankees. -
clean	Wow Such banana So potassium Much yellow
clean	Teixeira on point tonight. Yankees
clean	Happy BLUBLOODS Friday! Off to to sit down with the gang on CBS This Morning! Join us in the 8 o'clock ho
clean	On set of BlueBloods. Hoping there are no birds perched above me...
clean	my anaconda don't want none, unless you defeat the Huns, son
clean	*Atlanta Houston has so many trash drivers
clean	You men are trash if your homeboy is cheating and you dont tell his wife/girl and break up their family. LOLNO
clean	Always interesting to see people who trash La Liga react to products of La Liga on Premier League clubs.
clean	he plays for the Yankees right?
clean	Just spent a good twenty mins trying to teach my bird the skyrim theme song. Then I realized that he was a bird.
clean	Lou Gehrig had 17 hand fractures in his career. Played in 2,130 straight games. IronHorse Yankees
clean	Mistakes are showing up late for work, running red lights, or even forgetting 2 take the trash out. This here ain't 1
clean	Polly want a cracker? DumbTo
clean	Smash into windshields? The birds do it. The bees do it. Coors Light drinkers do it. You know what we'r
clean	Mo Claiborne is so trashI can't say it enough fam
clean	Illegals bringing diseases across border. Contagious patients separated from others by yellow tape... pregnant teens
clean	For the 1st time in the Tom Brady era, the Patriots are in sole possession of last place in the AFC East
clean	Up with the birds to fish on the Li River
clean	Rick Scott beating win number in 30 counties, Charlie Crist in 13. FLGOV
clean	In the ME, the crow would eat the bear MT Obviously not in the ME MT Bear Saves Drowning Crow - An
clean	Happy birthday cotton picker lol
clean	RIGHT NOW: NewsCenter 5 projecting Charlie Baker will be Gov-elect by a razor thin margin wcvb
clean	called Charlie Baker to concede around 8:15 this morning. She plans to address supporters at 11am. wcvb
clean	New bus stop. Guy across the street is yelling and doing David Lee Roth kicks at swooping crows. I should learn karate.
clean	I think Zlatan even has Class in the way he talks trash
clean	He's trash Too early to call Austin Rivers a draft bust ?
clean	Came to training camp today to find Charlie Batch asleep on the curb...
clean	Crew of women hillbillies gangsters w/the director ItsAWRAP
clean	How bad u want something is meaningless If how bad you're willing to work for the thing u want Isn't 10xs as intense as ho
clean	Fake friends are no different than shadows, they stick around during your brightest moments, but disappear during your darkest ho
clean	Pink albino dolphins are extremely rare but do exist in the wild.
clean	Jimmy and s two-man doo-wop performance just went live on YouTube! FallonTonight htt
clean	Can kids say much when their parents pay for everything? If he paying every bill, I can't complain abo
clean	Yankees acquire Chase Headley from the Padres for Yangervis Solarte and Rafael DePaula.
clean	Wow, he basically just told his daughter I want some mocha colored grandbabies! HTGAWM
clean	I think the Clips and Thunder would've gave the Heat a good as well...the East is just trash
clean	Oreo Cheesecake Bites.
clean	Deep Fried Oreos .
clean	Oreo Drumstick!
clean	Oreo ice cream. ~
clean	Ultimate Chocolate Chip Cookie n Oreo Fudge Brownie Bar
clean	Oreo cake
clean	Oreo Ice Cream Cake
clean	52% of the world's mammals, birds, reptiles, amphibians fish vanished between 1970 2010:
clean	FoxNews projects that Wyoming Senator Mike Enzi will defeat Democratic challenger Charlie Hardy. Election2014
clean	How can anyone hate Charlie Sheen
clean	Heard you was talkin trash like I wouldn't find out
clean	I hope I made these pot brownies right
clean	Please win it all this year
clean	When rednecks fool around with the aux cord
clean	this the I play soccer, cheat on girls, and wear khaki coloured cargos haircut
clean	The racists are and its crew of anchors. Not right wing folks. mocks mixed GOP kids.
clean	I'm not even ghetto!!!
clean	A day without laughter is a day wasted. ~Charlie Chaplin
clean	New sign up at mong kok protest site says: fight for democracy and oppose the communists to have a future
clean	Everytime I see Nelson Agholor make a play I want to puke. Kid should've been a gator. Thanks Charlie Cheeseburger.
clean	Conan O'Brien mocks the new Call of Duty game while getting killed repeatedly.
clean	trassshhh Them 13s that come out this weekend so trash!
clean	Mariano Rivera now has a street outside Yankee Stadium named after him, which Giants have also had similar honors:
clean	reasons to be a mermaid: - no periods - no pants - perfect hair - u get to lure men into their death also, free clam
clean	The crows warned you to stay away from the island. Will you? THE SOUL COLLECTOR IAN1
clean	Oreo Frappuccino
clean	Yep, Steve Spurrier just sorta compared Alabama to the Yankees. They've (NY) got the biggest payroll, they don't win ever
clean	Only retards and dads roll Lawful Good.
clean	Charlie Sheen SLAMS Rihanna For Rejecting His Fiancee: Youre A Rude Idiot With Bad Wig
clean	My mind is so clear a bird just crashed into the side of my head.
clean	Riff Raff is trash
clean	I was already 24 when Jeter arrived so I had plenty of Yankees memories, but next year is going to be very odd indeed.
clean	tell him that you chose (A) not to trash the environment while trying to save it like a hypocritical douc
clean	I guess my confessions trash because none of them got posted- FAMU
clean	What's that bright yellow thing the ref just showed to Martins Indi?! I can't remember seeing one of those before! clubmetro
clean	Rahal's an idiot. Second time this year he's wrecked someone under yellow.
clean	I just found an Oreo in my pocket... Is it yours? Thanks for looking after it .xx
clean	A bird pooped on me.
clean	It was all yellow.
clean	On this ArmisticeDay the cry Never Again is absent and mocks our pledge to NeverForget the fallen from ancient an
clean	When I was little I remember laying horrified in bed as hand puppets held a mock trial convicting me of putting my hand up th
clean	Yankees shouldn't even bother to show up to Boston, man. Just fold the franchise. Cancel baseball.
clean	15 y/o me totally understood Twin Peaks. 40 y/o me can't seem to follow these The Great Outdoors Goldfish crackers
clean	i am that horrible friend who reads your text then puts the phone down to do something and forgets to reply until 4 ho
clean	Cowboys trash again.The NFL is bike to normal
clean	Allied soldiers mock Hitler atop his balcony at the Reich Chancellery, by Fred Ramage, 1945
clean	OK I'm watching mook vs lux...neither of them was good... But mook won 3-0 ...this wasn't CLOSE to me vs hitm
clean	BlessJesus Amos 3:3 Can two walk together, unless they are agreed? DifferentLevels
clean	That's for the birds.
clean	I like how I found out that you can now edit Facebook comments through a trending topic on Twitter. You think I'd hear abo ...
clean	Jihadi Work Accidents: 13 Taliban Fighters Killed When Their IEDs Detonated Prematurely Celebrate
clean	Last name, Sinner First name, Imma Like ur pancakes in tha mornin, He got u covered like Aunt Jemima
clean	10 brownie points for you
clean	a girl tweeted you might be ghetto if u bring food from outside into the movies no u might be stupid if u pay 4.99 for a
clean	ghetto ass mofos
clean	If you don't like my tweets with my belief in Jesus Christ, please respect it, but don't mock it or make negative remarks
clean	Obama: I will always do what is necessary to protect the American people and defend against evolving threats to our ho
clean	This would never happen at a non-colored award show
clean	Charlie Sheen is the man lol
clean	If you not gator you gator bait gatornation
clean	My anaconda don't My anaconda don't My anaconda don't Want None Unless You Got Bunz Hun
clean	Should of been a cork sole why is there no cork on the WTL XI?
clean	redskins gonna win and thats all im saying for the night
clean	shhhh wrap yourself around me let me kiss the bruises on your heart lick your unhealed wounds and taste the raw wild ho
clean	I held you like a baby bird... and now you come at me like this... These friends ain't loyal
clean	For the last few weeks my name been cripple
clean	When yo phone go off in class the teacher say turn that trash off but it's one of the songs on yo mixtape
clean	Uncle Charlie and nem lol
clean	The Knicks are still trash, Melo signed for the money he don't even care about being on a good winning team.
clean	can Raheel mock Propphet Muhammad in same way as he mocked Lord Ram and Sita will he apologise ?
clean	I am a strong believer that birds of a feather flock together
clean	*Goes to Yankee candle* *buys beer scented candle* *goes home, lights it* *waits for a boyfriend*
clean	Whipped
clean	Cookies n Cream Oreo Fudge Ice Cream
clean	Oreo Cheesecake Bars
clean	Oreo Ice Cream Sandwiches
clean	Oreo cheesecake bites!
clean	reasons to be a mermaid: - no periods - no pants - perfect hair - u get to lure men into their death also, free clam bra
clean	when other girls wear beanies they look cute stylish but when i wear them i look like a member of a drug cartel who sel
clean	Obama Says Hes Irritated But Does Not Feel Repudiated After Losing Senate (Video) Aww
clean	If your girlfriend is taller than you, it's her responsibility to take the trash out fight off anyone that breaks into you
clean	Feb 2015 Jordan 4 Retro Remastered Oreo 314254-003
clean	You may be redneck if you put steak seasoning on popcorn
clean	Yanks walk off win
clean	Where has this been all year? But still FireCashman Yankees
clean	Thanks Carolina fans 4 the flipped birds+few bottles to the head. Sticks n stones may break my bones but aluminum zimas will
clean	Happy Birthday! Take a spin in that yellow coupe... shutemdown
clean	There's coon classic (R. Kelly, Usher) and then there's classic (Stevie Wonder, Prince). Not that there's anything wrong with
clean	Kickin trash cans on the golf cart yeeyee
clean	Alec Baldwin mocks Harris-Perry: If I cry, will I be forgiven all my transgressions? via
clean	after 4 hours and almost 8 pages i want to slit my wrists, but i guess ill just settle for sleep
clean	Denver TV airs clip of digging through trash in Ghetto Aurora to put Black and Mexican ballots to good use.
clean	Charlie Rose: Can you coexist with Israel? Meshal: *Not* as occupiers. After that, national consensus will decide, not Ha
clean	Winning Browns! cle clevelandfans clevelandpride clevelandbrowns clevelandsports browns brownie
clean	JSU coach Omar Johnson: It's what u do against the ball. U throw it, hit it, catch it. Doesn't matter if the Yankees are
clean	Clever. Watch Burfict make the hit and then mock officials by throwing a flag on himself.
clean	Tiny Jihadi
clean	Deme gallo pinto con carne asadita, madurito...y...una milca, amor
clean	Charlie Sheen will star in a new sitcom as an anger management therapist. So what's next? Casey Anthony as the owner of ...
clean	Downloaded flappy bird 5 minutes ago... It's already deleted.
clean	Top tip of the day - if you want to be inconspicuous at an Elbow gig - don't wear a yellow jacket!!!
clean	Yeah Kaepernick might have biceps like a Greek God, but the dude looks like he was conceived by a Proboscis monkey
clean	I was in a Kik group once. But we called it a party line and old Charlie the barber was always hogging the calls.
clean	Lester, the parasitic spider monkey, had 1 redeeming quality: he ran the boat, the boat attracted women. ONLY IN C
clean	cheese crackers lacking
clean	I wrote whole game story on how Orpik shut down Ovi two nights in a row. Many of you will mock this. But he was really,
clean	When twitter rappers dm me their trash links
clean	To help eliminate faking injury diving - post game video review of dives give divers yellow cards after game. Wor
clean	when you die on flappy bird
clean	Me too! Defiantly going to see that new planet of the apes tonight
clean	Charlie Strong took the longhorn logos off his players helmets: They have to earn it back. Sport
clean	Hun, wrong social networking site 666 - LMS for a good morning post, and something extra (maybe)
clean	That Peppers slant was a genius/crazy call. Genius if he catches it. Crazy if he drops it, then blow a TO, then get sack
clean	Latest DraftExpress mock draft has Randle 3, Cauley-Stein 9, Young 14, Poythress 37. Harrison twins Dakari Johnson a
clean	Week from Thursday might be the last Yankees game to look forward to in a while. If nothing else Jeter deserves that night
clean	where my 2 favorite jiggers at? ?
clean	No-TV-During-the-Week parenting rule has thrown quite a monkey wrench into RooseveltsPBS viewing schedule. DVRtime
clean	LMFAO OH NAH SHE KEEP IT THREE HUNNA twitpic a selfie if u a ho
clean	Could never date someone with yellow teeth
clean	Think windturbines are bad for birds? Compare: via via
clean	Charlie Crist doesn't have any more political parties to join, but he could become a spokesman for a fan company.
clean	Now go take out the trash . Today I was outnumbered, but thankfully not dismembered! Thanks, Ladies
clean	you mean like the Yankees did this year when they prioritized a farewell tour over a playoff run?
clean	lmao it will have a slope of -2x+1
clean	The Cardinals are MLB's gold standard, and there isn't even a close silver. Dodgers Giants Tigers Yankees
clean	IF A SINGLE WASP COULD READ THESE WaspFacts TWEETS THERE COULD BE A PEACE TREATY BETWEEN WASPS AND MAN BUT WASPS ARE
clean	My idea of a diet is eating regular Oreos instead of double stuft and takin off half the cookie (still dip it in 2% ...
clean	Beautiful smiles and colored eyes
clean	babes we buy brazilian and Peruvian not Bengali
clean	Giants- Pitiful ... Jets-Pitiful ... Mets- Pitiful ... Yankees-Pitiful ... Nets- Pitiful ... Knicks-Pitiful ... Ny sports- Pitiful
clean	Lewis so trash lmao
clean	ouuua ita siana. alu polosi ho nifo NAMU TA'E.
clean	don't forget we gotta take out trash and need milk...and spermicidal lube
clean	Female IG Models in person be so trash
clean	Remember all the trash on the floor of your car? We upgraded it put Wale's The Gifted so it feels like your old car htt
clean	Mets superstar pitcher is at the Yankees game wearing a Knicks hat KnicksTape
clean	Hot 97 trash.
clean	Today something is dope. Tomorrow that same thing is trash. Next month it is irrelevant. Next year it's classic.
clean	Told you Artprize is more than trash
clean	Sometimes I turn my phone on loud to tweet just to hear the bird chirp. TrueStory TeamiPhone
clean	For years two fan bases (UNC and Indiana) have said they do things the right way while UK and others are rogues. My ho
clean	You know how in superhero stories the best insult for superheroes dumb mooks can come up with is do-gooder? whiteknight
clean	If you buy tickets for Transformers 3D they just lock you in an aluminum trash can and toss you from an overpass into rus
clean	Keys open doors when them keys is albino
clean	Isis and Jihadi Terrorists Post 90 Tweets Every Minute to Spread Propaganda
clean	i'd never send my kids to private school because then they would never experience ghetto public school fights
clean	i'm so hungry if someone would send me a flying parachute with brownies attached to it like they do in the hunger games tha
clean	Magnus the team leader was particularly rude and unhelpful. As opposed to Charlie, who just blatantly lied. Awful service.
clean	Nov 22,2012: Thanksgiving Dinner: 2:00pm: Proof on Main. A day being preoccupied with a giant bird in your... ...
clean	Mother of Manchester terror twins who went to Syria to become Jihadi brides snatched by ISIS ... v
clean	VIDEO: on talking trash while facing during todays scrimmage
clean	your a early bird
clean	Yankees fans having flashbacks! You remember THIS Phil Hughes! It's already 4 to 0, still no
clean	AskDrMann Is having no amici briefs filed on your behalf kind of like Charlie Brown never, ever getting ANY Valentin
clean	trash liars these law students are terrible liars HTGAWM
clean	Muslim group slaughters 43 children in Nigerian school, children burned alive, shot slit throats tried 2escape...
clean	Jihadi-In-Chief Hussein Urges restraint in Fighting Islamic ButchersApparently, we SHOULD be nice to ISIS...we might hurt
clean	Who on GZ's defense team is paying media to trash the prosecution constantly?
clean	New Orleans is still trash
clean	When someone is murdered, the police investigate the spouse first. And that tells you everything you need to know abo
clean	BREAKING: Florida Pro-Life Gov. Rick Scott Defeats Pro-Abortion Challenger Charlie Crist tcot
clean	Pity parties are trash I don't throw them .
clean	Eddie Lacy rookie of the year! Well deserved The green yellow bumble bee bekuz if he hit ya it's gon sting!Green Bay all
clean	And I thought I had a problem! Oreos
clean	- CMchat why do U think its so hard forhick hop2get major air time on most stations cmchat when it's w
clean	When I make the paper ball into the trash can.
clean	When you eat food that's too hot and start breathing like a retarded dragon.
clean	Amo a esa gente que me odia...
clean	I am a California State Assemblywoman, but remain a proud unionmember -- celebrating LaborDay weekend ho
clean	PND vocals so trash lmao
clean	News Democrats and AntiSemitism Jewish group condemns VP Joe Bidens offensive reference to Shylocks
clean	Pregnant S.E. Cupps classic response to liberal dem who calls her chunky with bonus tweets via
clean	friendly reminder that you shouldn't try to have sex with birds
clean	A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song.~
clean	5sos are trash !
clean	That's what sports are about. Forget the arrogance trash talking. Its about making people feel like they are a part
clean	Oreo being adorable
clean	Big night at WCVB. Martha Coakley-Charlie Baker debate here at 7, Bruins-Minnesota WIld, World Series Game 6.
clean	Jamal is a fool first he called me a leprechaun, then he said my heart cant be blue or purple. It gotta be yellow or
clean	Rise of the planet of the apes
clean	Nah, 2013 was trash 2014 was so trash dawg
clean	Derek Jeter and the present Paul Konerko with a retirement gift. WATCH:
clean	Since 1914, Derek Jeters 91 multi-hit games vs are 4th most among behind Gehrigs 121, Ruths 99 an
clean	He's an idiot. miserable trash excuse for a man
clean	Directioners, 1D's monkey around on set of StealMyGirl video:
clean	yeah they trash. Q... this man capitalized his H tho... i'm takin all ya fans.
clean	bowebergdahl There hasn't been a trade this lopsided since Babe Ruth was traded to the Yankees for No No Nanette cash.
clean	vintage mickey
clean	NBC News projects Charlie Baker (R) wins Massachusetts Governor.
clean	itni bahaduri!!! interviews mein to hamesha marne ko tayyar rehte ho, got scared of crackers? LOL
clean	When I make the paper ball into the trash can
clean	BREAKING: Charlie Crist files emergency motion for a mulligan.
clean	Bae means before anything else I always thought it was a ghetto word for babe
clean	Charlie Baker about to make his final election eve campaign stop- here at Swampscott High School. wcvb wcvbpoli
clean	Congressional Hopeful Richard Tisei stops in at Baker's Swampscott Rally. But still no Charlie. wcvb
clean	Still waiting for Charlie Baker to take the stage in Swampscott. wcvb
clean	Oomfs teeth are quite yellow
clean	My favorite shark is megaldon, my least favorite is a mud shark. They are the worst
clean	When Americans claim ISIS is just a local threat, reply: You mean just to Iraq, Syria, Turkey, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Leb
clean	Charlie Rangel Re-Writes History: On GOP They Think They Won The Civil War
clean	...and rounding out our CNN Ebola panel tonight, the monkey from the 1995 film, OUTBREAK.
clean	And she's watchin him with those eyes / And she's makin him linguine clams with that body, I just know it!
clean	not all black girls are ghetto though
clean	Thank you to the Perkins student section for participating in the yellow out. We all really appreciated it!
clean	Scott Walker investigate. Christie's Bridgegate. Perry's drunk monkey Dem DA-gate. All men innocent. All threats to left
clean	50 2nd yellow card issued for Temple
clean	Cheating on a good woman is like eating out of the trash instead going out for steak. truth
clean	Kim Kardashian had a baby...in more important news, I took out the trash last night.
clean	Are you in London this evening? Well ex-Iron Maiden member, Tony Moor, will be busking outside Balham train station from
clean	Shy girls are cute
clean	Charlie Rangel should apologize to tea party members. I'll set up meetings so he can explain his outrageous comments.
clean	So glad Charlie agrees with Carol and CNN that assaulting girls is OK
clean	Yankees offseason plan: Sign Sandoval, move A-Rod to first base, shoot Teixeira and throw his corpse in the East River. Y
clean	My mother be on some trash man I ask her EVERYDAY, you need/ want some money? She say Naw I'm good! But come payday
clean	Adorable tiny monkey showering in a sink is the cutest viral video you'll see this weekend
clean	But yall make the MUTUAL DECISION to have sex on the first date, but she's trash? What kind of math???
clean	Her being albino isn't the problem. Its that gut, that hair, and that fish net she decided to wear. Sooo many things wrong w
clean	Rick Scott vs. Charlie Crist is the worst gubernatorial election in America, and it's the face of our ugly future.
clean	Jeff Fisher saved by the refs. That was karma, but the zebras messed with it.
clean	Twitter's home button is a birdhouse. When you join you're an egg. The logo is a bird. Most people don't realize this.
clean	I have so many questions about that sex tape. I love love LOVE me some Mimi and if that thirsty dude releases it, he's trash
clean	I can't wait to see the new planet of the apes.
clean	angry birds !
clean	haha Oreo lol. Well I gota do dee's video for his dance soon, I can show you how to use equipment and that x
clean	Nick Young says that close to $100,000 worth of money, watches sneakers and clothes were stolen from his house last nig
clean	. we found your brother Charlie out working on the dishes today DSN50 NASAsocial
clean	THIS JUST IN: Yankees P Michael Pineda is ejected from game after substance found on his neck
clean	Winston connects with Greene on the slant across the middle for the score. Ball game is tied, 17-17.
clean	Bizarre sports week in Cle. win a game that felt like a loss,failed ex-Browns QB's duel each other, and lose ho
clean	if your team is trash
clean	Buckwheat and Porky
clean	Palmer to Fitzgerald - TOUCHDOWN! 7-yard slant gives Arizona the 7-0 lead. 8 plays, 79 yds
clean	2-2! Adam Henrique cleans up the trash in front of the net, tying the game for the NJDevils with 11:06 left in regulation!
clean	Jets, Bills and Dolphins all win. How does sole possession of last place feel Mr. Belichick?
clean	Charlie Rangel: The Things We Believe in Are Spiritual Damn Things
clean	if you like BMTH ADTR PTV YMAS SWS ATL OMM AA MIW BTF WCAR MCR AFI PE BVB WIM BC SS CTE NSN GD WATIC AA! BFMV FOB F
clean	must not realize how much WVU games mean to all of us hillbillies. The play 162 games a year. Sh
clean	THIS is how you honor Native Americans. changethename HTTR
clean	Skin Diamond really was the last champion for ebony porn. Everything else is kinda trash now.
clean	Forget your typical graduation speech. Charlie Day manages to be hilarious AND inspirational in todays MIFVOTD:
clean	Autographed Photo of Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig - New York Yankees 1928 | NYC NY NYY
clean	Absolutely perfect day in London! Suns out! Gona be a cracker at wembley tonight ! Yeaaaaahhhh!
clean	Happy Halloween from Rick James (aka Swaggy) and Charlie Murphy ( ) haha darkness everybody
clean	DeJ Loaf is trash. Pure trash.
clean	EDM music is trash af and annoying
clean	A quick lesson on the birds and the bees: The birds are looming, oily, sudden. The bees are bulbous, shrieking, hungry.
clean	Seahawks fans are scheduled to meet up at Pier 39 on SAT. @ 5PM to trash talk and heckle San Franciscans! BE PREPARED! WEAR
clean	Asked three-year-old niece why the sun is yellow. Her reply: Maybe there's bees in there.
clean	I think I got da bird flu
clean	Tyrone I didn't mean to throw your mixtape in the trash c'mon fam
clean	I much prefer this classic blue and yellow Rams uniform to anything we've seen since that magical year. Not even close st
clean	Democrats to push income inequality as top issue of 2014 Charlie Baker (R) veers further left all in w D
clean	Every Seth McFarlene cartoon is trash yall love low iq comedy
clean	when I die on flappy bird
clean	!!! Jay Z verse trash.
clean	I hate stereotypes. Preconceived notions that black men are athletes or criminals... Black women are ghetto and confined to t
clean	when a ghetto girl tries to read in class pt1 LMAOOO
clean	mook gon wi 3-0 but this battle is bad
clean	Rumours that the boys will be touring around the world for OTRA Tour and it will end in the UK/Ireland as a welcome ho
clean	Dance monkey dance
clean	just because you not official doesnt mean you can act like complete trash and be free from acting like a decent human being
clean	That Ouija movie look like trash its really good.
clean	a girl tweeted you might be ghetto if u bring food from outside into the movies no u might be stupid if u pay 4.99 fo
clean	Media be like: *Muslim whale attacks US Navy* *Muslim tiger attacks Zookeeper* *Muslim bird attacks Eiffel Tower* *Mu
clean	What I know: You support killing babies, mock the handicapped, slept your way into Harvard then ditched your hubby ki
clean	Yankees Unveil Beautiful Derek Jeter Cage In Monument Park
clean	Hi ho, hi ho, it's off to work we go! It's MilitaryMonday...support a military organization today.
clean	Wow, and we thought we were the only ones with a luxurious interior OreoLove StufOfLegend
clean	Dear dessert heaven, fangs so much for these Oreo Spooky Ball Vampires. OreoCookieBalls
clean	Woah, the depth of this Ollusion is unreal. Ollusions
clean	powers U don't go outside ur tanks been on full for 2 months U anti social monkey
clean	Happy birthday, Bob Newhart! The comedic legend turns 85 today: AmericanMasters
clean	Stephen A. Smith Responds To People Calling Him An Uncle Tom/Sell-Out!
clean	My mom paid $5 to hold this monkey look what he did
clean	If I could be anywhere on earth right now, you know it would be Yankees Stadium
clean	Texas ranchers: Terrorists reportedly caught at border; feds clam up
clean	teabagger math
clean	Retweet if you see the bird.
clean	On this day 1941 the Yankees Joe DiMaggio goes 0 for 3 with a walk vs Cleveland Indians to end his 56 game hitting streak
clean	Thick red bones in style or nah?
clean	A silent protest in Philadelphia, performance artists protest the murder of Mike Brown while passerby's mock it.
clean	In the fashion world urban definitely means stolen from black people it's ghetto on us, and urban on them haha
clean	Charlie Sheen gets it
clean	YesWeDid attack, harass, threaten, mock and bully any woman or minority who dared not fall in line with our progressive a
clean	Liberal Head Explosion: WW2 Navajo Code Talkers Appear in Redskins Jackets. redskins
clean	Green/yellow fuel pump dieselstation
clean	My car insurance is trash !!!
clean	In Hopes of Recruiting More Women, ISIS Opens Jihadi Finishing School
clean	A marry between a man and woman people sloppery slop;then what is prevent a bird from marriage my sandwich??? I'm in lo
clean	Advice tip for people: 1 stick hand in glue 2 stick hand in feather 3 now you are like bird. Impress your friend.
clean	dear Mr. Science: If human so better, how come they can't be bird? oh I'm sorry was that too LOGIC for you???
clean	i see you again didn't election bird for government, america. that okay. i guess i just take this free cookie for everyo
clean	I thought it was raining because of the sound on the roof but it was just birds exploding from the heat.
clean	Charlie Crist wins Democratic primary
clean	Well done to who correctly answered Almeria. 26 yellow, and 1 red card so far this season.
clean	Diplomatic trolling: Russian embassy mocks NATO's satellite pictures
clean	Derek Jeter ... A class act... A great Yankee... A 1st ballot Hall of Fame inductee to be
clean	DOMINIQUE Made Larry bird do a 360 lmaooo
clean	Russell Brand mocks Bill O'Reilly for proposing Berlin Wall against immigrants (VIDEO)
clean	Friends a Proud Hindu n ShivSainik brother shri Ramesh Jadhav was murdered by Jihadis plz help trend RameshJadhav
clean	Good morning Baton Rouge. having a nip of
clean	Joey Badass said Traded in my Nikes for a new mic, I guess it's safe to say he sold his soles for a new life
clean	Art thou the bird whom Man loves bestThe pious bird with t/ scarlet breast, Our Robin;that leaves these summer winds sobbing
clean	When you're approaching your high score in flappy bird and die one pipe away
clean	I call this the 100gram sugar delight or a Heart Attack. It's a PopTart Twinkie a HoneyBun
clean	In their primes, MJ would have dominated LBJ in 1 on 1. Just so much mentally tougher. MJ's trash talk alone would unn
clean	6000 people/day now being deported from Warsaw ghetto, packed into cattle cars for rail trip to Treblinka death camp. htt
clean	Shy girls are undercover freaks...
clean	BREAKING DAWN/ I often think about what used to be and was With rose-colored glasses and a gentle
clean	I have to agree with Charlie he's spot on...
clean	Seriously, Florida. A vote for Charlie Christ is a vote for taxes and ebola.
clean	Protest climate change, leaves trash behind. VotingMatters
clean	Go fight against the IDF if you progressive trash hate them so much, you don't have the guts to do it. IStandWithIsr
clean	Mertesacker saying give him the ghetto fist is still goat
clean	Royals win!!! KC with a 2-0 blanking of the Yankees to take the series in the Bronx! BeRoyalKC
clean	Yanks have a cocktail called an Irish car bomb, but if you stuck two flakes in an ice cream cone and called it a 9/11
clean	You can mock Michelle Obama's TurnipForWhat video, but the turnip is now third in line of succession for president.
clean	condom were invent for that sole purpose
clean	Thanks to Mr Wilson for passing along this tremendous responsibility. My sole focus is to empower our leadership to bui ...
clean	GOP nominee for MAgov Charlie Baker's fisherman story falls apart. He deserves an Oscar for his play crying.
clean	Plenty of Kobe vs. Dwight trash talk after the game, too.
clean	Reds fan snags foul ball, gets shoved by player, flips bird, becomes True American Hero:
clean	Getting ready for the annual heart and sole luncheon cle with
clean	Seton Catholic where their own students talk trash about how low of a division there football team is in.
clean	Who needs Twinkies? When you got Gansitos?
clean	Rick Scott takes 49% of vote, Charlie Crist takes 46%. Scott wins second term: sayfie FlaPol
clean	The most beautiful women I've met have bruised souls, tired eyes, quiet smiles. The survivors. The ones who know abo
clean	the real reason y she gave up rapping was because of ME... i called her trash to her face n asked for
clean	I am a zebra amongst the sheep.
clean	Today did my hair and makeup... He always tries to make me look like a monkey.
clean	Twitter has a bird as its logo, that's why when you join you're an egg. And your home button is a birdhouse. Why am I jus
clean	Idk if is really a man, but she surely is a trash rapper.
clean	remember when you got your crush's aim screenname and you felt all fuzzy inside and stared at your screen and figured out what
clean	I don't care how pretty you are, if your personality is trash men are going to treat you accordingly... That's not tru
clean	Uncle leo find iWatch in trash can
clean	This whole week was trash
clean	And thus endeth our warm, fuzzy holiday lesson: Never take those you love for granted, for they can be gone in a flash.
clean	Oh it's Saturday funny time! You better redneck necognize!
clean	When the rose-colored glasses come off and you still want to be there, true love happens.
clean	Friends of has let me know that Phil is very ill. His infection has gone septic, and he is fightin
clean	Larry Elder is an Uncle Tom. I cannot believe how he is degrading a child.
clean	J Cole ain't trash... Period.
clean	In the Nothing Lasts Forever category, I can barely recognize any Yankees tonight.
clean	Great start the morning! My daughter danced herself into the coffee table and gave herself a nice shiner... Yea she's a wh
clean	Dudes built like a crushed Twinkie
clean	Free wop
clean	He no doubt copied it from someone else. Alert: The mock turtleneck is back.
clean	3D bird feather drawing
clean	Girls, don't let a guy treat you like a yellow starburst. You are a pink starburst.
clean	That's a very nice jig, Kearney. Now isn't dancing much more fun than bullying?
clean	It's not as easy as you'd think to find an astronaut monkey outfit at the last minute.
clean	If I had to pick a President of the Uncle Tom association I would pick Larry Elder.
clean	I'm finally finished work. I'm going to have to chug this bottle of wine to catch up to you guys. Challenge accepted.
clean	He loves me *eats a brownie* He loves me not *eats a brownie*
clean	Oreo 6s
clean	Germany's like...Next goal has to be a header. Then next goal after that has to be a diving header. Let's play monkey
clean	Lmfao Alco(ho)l
clean	Saw a man in a yellow hat at the Grand Canyon today. He was hanging out next to a curious gorge.
clean	This monkey on my back keeps smearing poop in my hair.
clean	Idk how people can just not have a job and stay at home all day watching tv, it was so boring for me to do it 2 days idk ho
clean	The sash ringing...the trash singing...mash flinging...the flash stringing...ringing...THE HASH SLINGING SLASHER!
clean	Ive had the greatest job in the world. I got a chance to be the shortstop of the New York Yankees. - Derek Jeter
clean	A WILD one in the Bronx. Yankees score 6 runs in bottom of 7th to take 8-7 lead over Red Sox. The half-inning took THIRTY
clean	BREAKING: Japanese ace Masahiro Tanaka will sign with the Yankees for seven years, $155 million. (via Fox Sports)
clean	BREAKING: Louisville coach Charlie Strong is expected to accept Texas job, according to ESPN media reports
clean	Derek Jeter gets it done! J.J. Hardy commits error on slow grounder, and 2 runs score. Yankees take 4-2 lead in 7th innin
clean	Derek Jeter leaves baseball as one of the greatest Yankees ever. (via )
clean	Derek Jeter's final game at Yankee Stadium will be 1st he's ever played there with Yankees eliminated from playoffs.
clean	Don't look now, but the Browns are in sole possession of 1st place in the AFC North. The Cleveland Browns.
clean	For the last time, The Captain takes the field at Yankee Stadium.
clean	Jadeveon Clowney tops s latest mock Draft. He's a once every 15 to 20 year guy.
clean	Peyton Manning's remarkable season: 5,477 Pass yds (NFL record) 55 Pass TD (NFL record) 450 completions likely ho
clean	Storybook ending in New York. Derek Jeter walks off a winner at Yankee Stadium,
clean	Yankees survive 9th-inning scare to beat Rangers, 12-11. Gardner: 4-5, HR, RBI, 3 R Teixeira: 1-2, HR, 2 RBI, 3 R htt
clean	So, Yanks have signed Brian McCann Jacoby Ellsbury. Rumor has it, they still want Robinson Cano, Babe Ruth, Miguel Cabr
clean	Everybody that's still on Facebook ghetto or pregnant idc.accurate
clean	A sign at Checkpoint Charlie, a well known crossing point between East and West Berlin, when Germany
clean	sav you are so nicee love you too twat! :)
clean	I see the crazy teabaggers have given up on defunding Obamacare and have moved on to using veterans! 1MVetMarch
clean	BREAKING: Yankees acquire Lebron James in a 3 team deal per sources
clean	If those Captcha pictures get any more fuzzy I'm going to need a bot to decipher them
clean	So cute! :) Shy bunny...
clean	Did seriously steal my Halloween Oreos ?
clean	The Editorial Board endorses Charlie Crist for governor -- Better for Floridians
clean	Can't wait for the to sweep the Cardinals tonight on ! No matter how bad the cubs are, we're gonna beat the bird
clean	The Shocking True Stories Behind Your Favorite Classic Fairy Tales via
clean	but cant nobody at yall pep rally out jigg me
clean	if you listen to these bands A7X PTV SWS ATL BVB ADTR BMTH YMAS FOB AA Blink 182 TDG SS FIR MCR Follow me everyon
clean	Peeps are trash... Marsh mellows in general are trash
clean	If your boy breaks up with you and has a new girlfriend a couple days later, then there was something you didn't know abo
clean	Sharing food with your mangia cake friends because they love your food ItalianProblems
clean	Darn trash man he beat me to the good stuff again.
clean	Friday 6pm Vivek Balk: Bengali Harlem the Lost Histories of South Asian America @
clean	Watching a bird poop on your car after you just got it washed
clean	Jaheim, Donell Jones, Lyfe Jennings, Ginuwine, Charlie Wilson, Dru Hill, NEXT, Jodeci, Tyrese and etc ... bring THAT type
clean	Do you want to hear the truth or are you only looking to hear what makes you feel all warm and fuzzy inside? I choose truth
clean	People who would vote for Charlie Crist and Michelle Nunn are why our founders did NOT put a right to vote in our Constitut
clean	Never discuss cheese with a rat , talk bread with a bird , or make moves with a snake
clean	Did the Yankees make the playoffs and properly honor Jeter? Orioles win?
clean	Gun control talks with gunrunning Eric Holder on board. We r the planet of the apes
clean	carrot cake is trash. too sweet.
clean	Rise of the planet of the apes doin a musical???
clean	Oreo Donut
clean	Meanwhile, in Canada: A monkey in a winter coat escapes in an IKEA via
clean	wiz khalifas's song black and yellow is a beautiful song about a bruised banana
clean	What you see is what you get! I'm a guy with a love of adventure and a need for speed, Charlie Brown!
clean	When I make a paper ball in the trash can
clean	Y'all not gonna trash Spirit airlines. I travel w/ them all the time. They even let me fly the plane 4 times. They don't mi
clean	Why would u let ur girl even go to a party without u thats retarded lol u must want to get cheated on
clean	My bro made out with an ugly chick at a festival while drunk so now he's known as Larry bird because he hits threes
clean	Almost 83% of children in Balochistan have never been to school, followed by 80% in Sindh, 75% in KP and 60% in Punjab.
clean	Twitter has a bird as its logo, thats why when you join youre an egg, and your home button is a birdhouse. Why am I ...
clean	Red Hot Chili Peppers with the longest nip-slip in Super Bowl Half Time Show history.
clean	Deep Fried Oreos
clean	Crazy bird
clean	She literally just put the whole trash bag on lmfao
clean	*answers phone* Coworker: There's a dead bird outside. Me: Wanna split it? CW: What? Me: Sorry, finders keepers, ri
clean	A list of mythical creatures: Jackelope Phoenix Griffin Fairy Unicorn Pegasus A woman that knows where she wants to
clean	Funny how people who take their fantasy sports leagues very seriously are celebrated while those who play DD are mock
clean	This crow in Aberdeen just won at photobombing (pic by Steve Black] - via
clean	do I remember a game winning jack to right last summer at Yankee stadium that started a p
clean	Shy Glizzy Decent Af
clean	Don Lemon gets called an Uncle Tom, doesn't like it:
clean	Nerf the hell out of birds, they no longer attack you at long range, lower damage, dont follow you forever.
clean	This is why Charlie Sheen is an idol
clean	Miami* Houston has so many trash drivers
clean	Twitch Plays Call of Duty. Enter trash talk in the chat, the auto-aim will do the rest
clean	Soulja boy trash now but I'm not gonna act like I never cranked that superman.
clean	So I took a 1000 pictures with him and he ate all the brownies I made but he's the new homie
clean	Obersturmfuhrer Matthias, my wife is a superb financial brian. Carry on with your labelling in her presence, and see ho
clean	See the jumbotron? Thats where the jig is
clean	It's ok to trash talk...but I haven't seen any Bama fans wishing harm or injury towards LSU players.
clean	Jihadi Work Accident: Seven Taliban Fighters Including Top Commander Killed When Roadside Bombs Detonate Prematurely h
clean	Me: Do you sell any larger sized condoms? Her: Sir those are 13 gallon trash bags! Me: *winks until security escorts me
clean	DearFutureHusband you have no idea how many brownie points you will get I you randomly play with my hair or scratch my
clean	Boy went trick or treating at Charlie Sheen's. Dada not jealous cause all Charlie gave out was really good candy and by cand
clean	Might have a better chance if we put some trash cans out there.
clean	Finally! Warner Bros. making superhero films starring a woman, person of color and actor who identifies as queer
clean	Gwen Stefani's new single is trash. her, hilary duff, britney and fergie have to give it up and go raise your kids and judg
clean	Great story of what it's REALLY like to be a camel jockey at the Camel Races in Tra
clean	Coincky~dink
clean	On this day , February 13, in 2002 Waylon Jennings left us for that honky-tonk in the sky - Dreaming My Dreams - ht ...
clean	when other girls wear beanies they look cute stylish but when i wear them i look like a member of a drug cartel who s
clean	This is so great. Regular season ball is for the birds
clean	Dying laughing: Russian wrestlers mock girly man Obama's workout video
clean	Worst tweet ever? PR pro manages to sound racist, mock AIDS in a single tweet
clean	Low turnout reported, but Charlie Crist just filed and emergency motion to extend voting hours in Broward Co.
clean	Richard Grenell: WaPo's Greg Sargent mocks voter ID and proves point of proponents
clean	Have to go with the slant pass to your outside linebacker in that situation.
clean	One day more until turkey, it will nip me in the belly, we'll be ready for the stuffing, we will wet ours
clean	Girls, don't let a dude treat you like a yellow starburst. You are a pink starburst.
clean	Incase any hillbillies try to roast...
clean	It's a bird...It's a plane...It's Jake McGee!
clean	Psychological Warfare for Dhimmis -- DEFEATING ISLAM joining forces to take out world's trash h
clean	Our national bird - the American bald eagle - is an endangered species success story.
clean	Republicans Want to Yank Food Stamps from the Hungry: May 16, 2... prg P2
clean	Mila Kunis has heterochromia iridum which gives her two different colored eyes. One eye is green, the other is brown.
clean	The strings attached to boxes of animal crackers were originally put there so that the box could be hung from Christmas tree
clean	Yo mama so ghetto she uses cigarette butts as q-tips
clean	*Goes into monkey bar to meet swingers*
clean	I don't care who Kendrick made that song for it's still trash
clean	Shy people tend have great observational skills, making it easier to recognize the core of a problem then solving it.
clean	When your phone goes off in class and the teacher says turn that trash off but its a song from your mixtape =
clean	It is Shakespeare's birthday. Take a look at some Shakespearean trash talk.
clean	...Because sometimes you just need a moment to appreciate a noble guinea pig with steampunk dragon wings.
clean	Naming my son Caesar. Dawn of the apes is the absolute best movie I've ever seen in my entire life.
clean	DidYouKnow: The Comstock Lode was a boon 4 as it grew 2 20,000 ppl became 1 of the largest wealthiest
clean	look ghetto but it work
clean	Austin is so cute like look at him all excited because he got Oreos
clean	When you try to tell grandpa that 70s music was trash
clean	How Shy People Flirt. Learn tips from the best!
clean	British Jihadi Mother Who Wants to Be First Female Executioner is MI6s Most Wanted
clean	Best CollegeGameday sign ever! The Dak-ness is spreading! Charlie Murphy's True Hollywood Stories. ChappelleShow
clean	Don't know how you Yankees fans listen to Kay every night. Absolutely brutal. Just nonsensical blah blah blah blah. Radio n
clean	This talking eggplant skurred af
clean	When your phone goes off in class and the teacher says turn that trash off but its a song from your mixtape
clean	Oreo Shake
clean	John Kerry caught appearing to mock Israels pinpoint operation in Gaza - Israel Gaza
clean	Fear mongering by the left is dying. Wake up, who are you going 2 believe Charlie Rangel and Hussein or Mia Love and C
clean	Well there's difference between Erick Erickson and me. I've always understood Obama is Muslim Jihadi sympathizer:
clean	Actor Charlie Sheen once bought 2,600 seats at an Angels baseball game in hopes of catching a home run ball.
clean	If life hands you a hot potato try throwing it at two birds.
clean	When Joey Bada$$ said Traded in my Nikes for a new mic, I guess it's safe to say he sold his soles for a new life. ht
clean	KOBE as they shoot a piece of paper into the trash
clean	A Muslim wmn covers the yellow star of Jewish neighbour with her veil to protect her, Sarajevo,1941.
clean	An ad for the Haitian charity Water Is Life mocks people who use FirstWorldProblems hashtag through juxtaposition. ...
clean	. Because Outman is a brand-new Yankees and because Girardi will never use 3 relievers when he can use 6.
clean	So this ape can get a MCM but I can't unbelievable...
clean	Use what talent you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang except those that sang best.
clean	no doubt about it. I mean its cute tossing around trash cans and having 98lb Mexican boys wantin
clean	Idc I still watch two a half men . Well the old one with Charlie
clean	Two stocks to turn trash into cash
clean	SpringTraining Daily takes a look at the Yankees outfield, perhaps the ALs deepest: (via
clean	Yankees can jump into first place TONIGHT. if you think they will!
clean	Yankees lineup vs. Red Sox: Ellsbury CF Jeter SS Beltran DH Soriano LF Teixeira 1B McCann C Solarte 3B Ichiro RF Roberts 2B T
clean	Yankees win! Final score: 7-4.
clean	Yankees win, 6-5, on a walkoff single by Derek Jeter!!! FarewellCaptain
clean	. comes in to close out the game here in the 9th. Yankees
clean	Analyzing the impact of Masahiro Tanaka on SpringTraining Daily, brought to you by
clean	Ballgame over, Yankees WIN! Yanks beat the White Sox in 10 innings, 4-3.
clean	Congrats to Derek Jeter, who will start at shortstop in his 14th and final All-Star Game! FarewellCaptain
clean	Congratulations Ichiro! That leadoff base hit in the 8th is hit No. 2,800 in his career!
clean	Gardy goes yardy again! He leads off the game with a HR for the second straight night, and it's 1-0 Yankees!
clean	Getting the field ready for today's game.
clean	RECAP: In epic storybook ending, Derek Jeter closes his last game in Bronx with a walkoff.
clean	Remember when we paused an All-Star Game to honor Mariano Rivera? tbt
clean	SEE YA! gives the Yankees a 4-3 lead in the 10th with a solo home run!
clean	Show your support during FleetWeekNYC with troopthanks. You could be on the billboard in Times Sq!
clean	The shines its lights in Yankees pinstripes in honor of Derek Jeter. FarewellCaptain
clean	Time to bounce in the Bronx. LetsGoYankees Walkoff
clean	VICTORY! Yankees outlast A's, 10-9 in 14 innings. Eduardo Nunez the hero, and oh yeah, FIRST PLACE still resides in the Bronx.
clean	Were you expecting anything short of fireworks in his final homestand? FarewellCaptain
clean	You may cry after watching the Derek Jeter ad:
clean	One scout said Prado is first team most underrated. Gives the Yankees a 2b through 2016, could slide to 3b if needed too.
clean	If I had a dollar for every time I died on flappy bird
clean	Listen to Charlie Daniels speak the truth then enlist in the U.S. FREEDOM ARMY at
clean	My trash is worth more than you
clean	I've met few people in politics that I disrespect more than Charlie Crist, --Rudy Giuliani
clean	Looking forward to sitting down with President Obama for our 60th anniversary broadcast this Sunday ho
clean	It's okay chiquito I'm not in the ghetto anymore
clean	Smh And Henny too Beer trash af end of story
clean	blame it on the yellow chucks lmfao
clean	It's unattractive when girls act ghetto
clean	doing someone wrong for the sole reason that they did you wrong will only bring more negative karma energy into your li
clean	I love when the birds are chirping in the morning patsgonnasubtweet
clean	Brown colored eyes are really blue, under a layer of melanin.
clean	Need some ice cream and Oreos
clean	Larry bird 38
clean	Rich homie and bird man gone be at mansion lan tonight
clean	chris brown is trash.
clean	I asked to get me pink bunnies one time, so he brought me yellow chicks...
clean	Meanwhile in Texas: 19-year-old man facing 5 years to life in prison for $25 worth of pot brownies
clean	I don't wanna hear Sgt. Tahmooressi's name come outta the Preezy's mouth. He couldn't be bothered then, keep his pie ho
clean	Can someone find the Georgia fan who talked trash to me and told me he hope we don't end up like Tennessee? Tell him I'm
clean	Lakers on...I thought trash day was Monday
clean	how do people not realize the jig ?
clean	Just learned that there was a 1932 Japanese political plot to assassinate Charlie Chaplin. PleaseOptionThisTweetNow Back ...
clean	Cause I'm as free as a bird now, and this bird you can not change
clean	Charlie Baker!!!
clean	I'm the only person who likes yellow Starburst I feel
clean	That's why God made brownies. To replace boys.
clean	. I are discussing our awful 90s fashion choices: yellow overall shorts, boxers over leggings. What was your bes
clean	Also as part of my release day gift (yes, we get those!) this adorable bumblebee bear! Montlake
clean	That's what that means...some kid called me at like 1 in the morning asking me if I wanted to hit the slopes...
clean	if Crabtree woulda caught that over Sherman for the game y'all woulda said Sherman trash he got what
clean	s/o NF thanks for the follow Hun!!!
clean	drinking to the last drop washing teapot haiku mijikai
clean	School admins take hungry kids lunch throw in trash because their lunch funds aren't paid up. That'll teach em!
clean	so the ball did roll down the slope found a natural spot defending brother the scumbag
clean	Fairy Fun - Losing her wings doesn't mean there aren't other ways to fly? asmsg, erotica shortstory
clean	Ain't Talk 2 My Mova N A Week First Thing She Say Is Where Shy An Benny
clean	Lol I'm litetally just a walking trash can
clean	Coming up at 5:15a: Charlie Baker's campaign admits he may have been wrong about the emotional fisherman story from this w
clean	Hey Arlington Democrats! For you early birds, join us tomorrow. It's the Second Saturday of April.
clean	One man's trash is another man's treasure...perfectly explains strippers with daddy issues.
clean	Quote of last night, telling me to find her a curved stick and she'll make a crossbow to shoot a bird down
clean	What a silly little monkey
clean	that monkey is from hell
clean	lol have u seen when ike and his kindergarten teacher start having a sexual relationship
clean	Throw me in trash
clean	*spits out animal cracker* This doesn't even taste like hippo.
clean	LeBron doesn't turn 30 til december. he made 5 trips faster than kobe shaq mike or bird. he'll be back yal act like hes retirin
clean	One of my classmates offered my teacher and brownie and someone said you trying to earn brownie points
clean	Cal has a day off and for giggles heads to Yankee stadium to hang with Derek Jeter. Yep coaching at UK is probably weari
clean	Now that Halloween is fast approaching please understand this. We are a culture, not a costume to mock and ridicule!
clean	ELECT Democratic Nominee Amos Powers 2 Congress TN6 DEFEAT TEA Diane Black Red2Blue TNTweeters CIR
clean	ELECT Democratic Nominee Charlie Brown for Gov of TN DEFEAT (R) Gov. Bill Haslam!
clean	ELECT Democratic Nominee Charlie Hardy to U.S. Senate. WY Defeat TEA Mike Enzi. TNTweeters CIR
clean	I wonder if those fans in LA feel like Charlie Brown after Lucy pulls the ball away... JoeyVotto
clean	Rand Paul mocks Clinton with HillarysLosers pics with failed candidates
clean	The recommended serving size for brownies is all of them.
clean	Old white people complaining about government tyranny is like the Yankees being upset that players make too much money
clean	msnbc new census questions=tempest in teapot,ACA stays,costs down,7.5mil+getting covered is a success story to
clean	I Still Be Craving An Oreo McFlurry b;
clean	Really? This is what's concerning him right now? MT Looking forwd to speaking with John Kerry tomorrow AM abo
clean	i've read the hunger games 12 times i am trash
clean	You might be a liberal if you continue to trash America, claiming how horrible and evil it is, yet you refuse to leave
clean	Your sole purpose is to make money. Otherwise you'd suggest violence prevention policies that actually WORK.
clean	BushCo used to publicly trash ex-officials who wrote books - Snow, O'Neill, etc. Bet we won't hear PBO trashing Gates... morning
clean	First day of spring break: ate half a pan of brownies watched 6 episodes of Parks and Rec with
clean	Coach K says players won't need motivation to get back on track following Paul George's injury; rather they'll play to ho
clean	Chicago will not refund $7.7 million made from red light tickets issued after yellow lights were shortened
clean	flappy bird is deep... hahaha
clean	when I make the paper ball into the trash can
clean	The mandate still being in effect means the marriage ban in Nevada is unconstitutional. Trial court is yet to enter injun
clean	trash cans are always demanding new music from the gawd Tyga
clean	And people say baseball is boring? redskins
clean	My first adult decision i made in college was to buy a guinea pig NoRagrets AlsoNoBeerMoney - University if Iowa
clean	Curious George, the curious little monkey or deranged serial cat killer? The story the man with the yellow hat doesn't want you
clean	Just eating animal crackers in sacrament! 17AndLovinIt
clean	Syrian Brought to US for Democracy Training EndorsesJihadis
clean	Lance Stephenson trash talk didn't affect anybody but Lance Stephenson
clean	beanies for life
clean	Call me old fashioned, but I'm sewn together with magic and birds.
clean	Me when somebody says Childish Gambino is trash
clean	Charlie Sheen gets point for this
clean	Flappy birds Extreme now you can play two birds at once! Hardcore! Easier with two people lol! f
clean	If you're playing flappy bird: 1-800-273-8255 National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. to save lives
clean	If you ain't a gator you're gator bait
clean	Where all my fans??? ny yankees VictoriaSecret fitness
clean	The Man Who Captured Muammar Gaddafi Was Wearing A Yankees Cap:
clean	Tommy Voeckler keeps the yellow, Andy Schleck does the break of the tour, and Contador is broken. Incredible day for tdf
clean	before I betray them I slit my wrist
clean	Obama killed the Twinkie gonetofar
clean	It is well known that supports cruelty to birds. saveanimals-sign this petition: h
clean	Obama is out on the golf course still looking for his balls. -Charlie Daniels
clean	Even if you hate the Yankees there is no way you can't like Derek Jeter, he is one of the classiest and most respectful playe
clean	2 on the field, 1 in our hearts! What if star Derek Jeter starred in Back to School? yank
clean	Berto couldn't KO this dude who wanted to get KO'dBerto's trash, Upsher's trash, that fight was trash. BronerTaylor Boxing
clean	In 2014 you tweeted that Migos were trash. Care to explain? - 2064 Supreme Court Confirmation Hearing
clean	drawing myself an organic powdered goats milk bath with rose petals and chopped clams eww what just kidding it's Mr. Bubbl
clean	You know you're ugly when an ape was chosen as a man crush and you've never been
clean	Salute to Derek jetter! Best Yankee ever!
clean	when kanye said mayonnaise colored benz, i push miracle whips
clean	any favorites off yellow album ?all of it theperfectanswer
clean	brendon urie must make other boys feel like trash
clean	. Jay; I think once someone has Alzheimer's, suffers from alcoholism and is mildly retarded, people shouldn't mak
clean	night time falls. im corie latin now. a man of intrigue. i place a bird feather into my glass of scotch and i never do posts ab
clean	it looks like he's wearing a trash bag
clean	Top 5 Thot Tattoos : 1) dream catchers 2) bird feathers 3) inspirational quotes that they dont live by 4) animal p
clean	You sure do have a pretty face for a cripple
clean	And I don't have any confidence NONWHATSOEVER in you Barack! You're the sole reason why this country is in thi
clean	for real this game is pub trash let's do drugs and get smashed
clean	Why y'all doing the ALS challenge if y'all not gonna donate? Cuz we don't $10k Tiger Blood to donate unlike Charlie
clean	Eagles 5hrs till the birds kick some assbleedgreen
clean	lol my credit ain't no where near good , but I know the right man for the job ... that ho nice though!
clean	if melo go to the bulls they still gon be trash unless melo get special privileges allowin him 2play in a allstar uniform
clean	This Jimmy Fallon Prank of getting NY Yankees fans to boo Robinson Cano is amazing. via
clean	dreamt i was in a trash bag, btw.
clean	Two Jihadis Arguing Over Stolen MM's Will Make Your Day
clean	When you clam up, my survival instinct is to kick the door shut
clean	flappy bird make me just smash my phone into my face
clean	Allen West The Slippery slope of Obama's constitutional contempt PJNET CCOT
clean	Hot off the press, heres Todd McShays first post-Combine NFL mock draft, including a new No. 1.
clean	When the Yanks and Sox get together, things usually go smoothly -
clean	A monkey with a mustache by Thomas Kienzle
clean	*sings Careless Whisper to broken 7 year old flip flop on the way to the trash
clean	RIP Tom Foley RIP Greg Sikorskey RIP Charlie Anaya RIP Wells Crowther RIP Andy Fredericks
clean	Why Tori Amos matters now more than ever via
clean	Pulled a dead bird from my garden. Grateful to be out of the hot sun, it winked at me with its rotting eye socket.
clean	Oreo Cheesecake
clean	but then there's the yellow writing on the black jerse ...
clean	Ill-advised slant call there.
clean	trash
clean	Messi is trash
clean	if you give that statement any thought at all you will realize it makes no sense. At all. Please, think abo
clean	Why Adonnis look like he bout to sell the most ghetto used cars of 2014 ?
clean	15ThingsILove When he wraps his arms around my waist while I'm making dinner, yellow roses, pearls, Anything COACH a ...
clean	its the start of another yellow jacket season tonight!!! How about a for ALL the Jacket Fans!!! GTVT1 ...
clean	Rise+Rhyme snowpatricksday ON in the AM! Wear your green, dance a jig sing a lively tune w/ me!
clean	girls, don't let a guy treat you like a yellow starburst u are a pink starburst
clean	The birds outside my bedroom window have way too much to talk about for first thing in the morning! Mrrrrrrr...
clean	I don't think I even been in a real relationship...i thought they was real but they were just trash
clean	World Cup 2014 diary: Argentina mock Brazil with twirling towels (Photo: Getty)
clean	Confused. Are lefties using the Bridgeghazi hashtag to mock the bridge situation as frivolous, or seriously equating the t
clean	Me and are in our yellow submarine rn...
clean	being a good citizen picking up trash (:
clean	The AFC was trash last season, especially the AFC South. Jags could make a playoff push if they have a great draft. Not jo
clean	MT US ghettos-driven by liberal ideology; RedMeat
clean	Sonia never criticises . Kejriwal, who trashes every other leader, never criticises Sonia. Touching. YoK
clean	Morgan Park kids like to pop fire crackers in the school now
clean	vermontgirlsbelike my hick accent comes out when I get around my family vermontproblems
clean	Emma Watson TheOscars2014
clean	Emma Watson
clean	if you'd marry Scarlett Johansson
clean	Lmao they all trash before after
clean	FarewellCaptain What a way for Derek Jeter to close his Yankee Stadium career.
clean	I'm not telling you to like Al Green or Otis Redding! Stop missing the point. Just don't call them trash tell me you
clean	Touch my swag. Wish you could. I LOOK FLY. I LOOK GOOD. On my momma... On my ho
clean	Most trash Halloween candy of all time. Don't debate me on this
clean	Bruhhhhh, I want some Oreos and milk.
clean	ThotGoals ... I wanna learn how to jigg really good so I can be in the circle.
clean	Should've lost in Carolina, in Houston tonight in St. Louis! Lucky Seahawks are complete trash!!!
clean	What I wish I can do every time I day playing flappy birds foreall
clean	dawn of the planet of the apes of the four calling birds of the three french hens of the two turtle doves of the partridge in
clean	The radio is trash.
clean	Exclusive: Arsne Wenger gave two yellow cards red card while refereeing a charity match in Rome.
clean	I love black shoes cause I can match them with anything but I also need some colored shoes
clean	Significant number of US tweets were Americans flipping the bird to IS. UK, not so much.
clean	Whatta co-inky-dink: IRS cancelled contract with email backup company right after Lerner's computer crash
clean	doing nothing as an agenda. unbelievable that the Dems failed to use that against the teabaggers.
clean	I wanted change and excitement and to shoot off in all directions myself, like the colored arrows from a Fourth of July
clean	Charlie Sheen engaged to porn star Mens Health Tips Sex Toy The Adult Toys KISS
clean	Funny how Rick Scott accuses Charlie Crist of changing his positions on everything. Rick's positions are dictated by corp
clean	because hillbillies like sports to...
clean	Vice President Biden his wife are in Florida today to stump for Democrat Charlie Crist in his bid for Governor
clean	Pakistani Christian Couple burnt alive in Kasur Punjab
clean	As NFL reportedly asks bird-flipping M.I.A. for another $15M, let's revisit s column on ridiculousness:
clean	Your tweets remind me of the times when we did the Oreo milkshake runs @ 1am in the morning !!!
clean	Guys with colored eyes
clean	Just saw Dawn of The Planet of the Apes. One of the better moves I've seen this year. I didn't know if I wanted the apes or
clean	I feel a lot of ppl trash talking indie for all sounding the same but i think any genre you're not v into tends to sound th
clean	Anything below a A+ and we disown you ling ling
clean	Dear Oreo, What's this I hear about a Watermelon flavor? KEEP YOUR FAKE FRUIT FLAVOR OUT OF MY CRISCO SANDWICHES!!! Love
clean	Does anyone know of a good pet sitter in CLE/Northeast Ohio? Specifically cats birds. Thanks! CLEpets neo clevelan
clean	When you has a frownie, eats a brownie
clean	Reds haven't lost a series at Yankee Stadium since 1961 World Series 76 08 12
clean	Don't let a crisis go to waste.Dems Exploiting Ebola to trash Repubs opposed to Obamas choice for Surgeon Gen,
clean	I hope the Yankees game doesn't get rained out tonight. It's going to be a special atmosphere and game. Jeter deser
clean	US ghettos-driven by liberal ideology; forged by unions bankrupted by self-serving Dems catering 2parasites! tcot
clean	Well I play flappy bird now and I don't know why
clean	Aurora is more ghetto then the bellos
clean	D-emand E-veryone's M-oney O-bjects C-ollectively be R-edistributed A-mong T-heir S-upporters
clean	I bet she's a New York Yankee prog
clean	Buzzfeed males who live in the city and buy meat under plastic, mock girls who use guns and go hunting. Who is more manly?
clean	Sheryl crow be my mom
clean	I drink unicorn tears... And they say blondes don't age well :) You look like you're 20 :) ho
clean	Sir career tho apka waise bhi khatam ho chukka. You have become new Amar Singh so try for publicity Kejr
clean	i wish i was one of those girls who guys liked no matter what...ike i could wear sweats and my hair up and they would sti
clean	we may or may not be trash at taking pictures together
clean	che wigga! If she puts up with you it's because she loves you, now make it worth her while love her back
clean	Tornado sirens... Atleast I'll be dying with you guys and this ho
clean	If Jeremy Lin dunked on Lebron in a Yankees cap, and then celebrated by Tebowing in front of Brett Favre, would ESPN exp ...
clean	I've also seen a lot of that We're Democrats and we're for Charlie Baker! ad which makes me want to scr
clean	not only you. and that pom stuff? totally porn.
clean	Thanks Charlie!!!
clean	Cincy fans talk trash about the city of CLE and then root for the like they belong. stillCLE CLEallday GoBrowns
clean	my son, Wyatt: do rednecks have mullets to keep from getting red necks?
clean	I'm getting trash talked by a 8 year old wtf
clean	You've got to have smelt a lot of manure before you can sing like a hillbilly. HankWilliams
clean	So who wants to tell the Washington Post that Charlie Crist is a Democrat?
clean	What I really want is some brownies from HR, iced latte, my boy, and a blanket w/ movies. That sounds prettttttty amazi
clean	I've only watched 10mins of this trash and I feel like I just wasted some valuable minutes of my life that I can never get b
clean	love birds.
clean	I wake up in the middle of the night and chug the orange juice straight from the bottle. Sorry mom.
clean	S/o all my real fans who can wait and not want me to put out trash like other rappers signedtothestreets2 iGO
clean	No teabaggers, 9/11 is not about Benghazi, it's about those planes and those towers. Stop watching Fox News.
clean	i am so pleased and proud to have been announced the sole curator of the soundtrack for MOCKINGJAY - PART 1
clean	DC Fri 1/3: Bengali Harlem Lost Histories South Asian Am reading/convo 14th St cc:
clean	In DC Fri 1/3: Bengali Harlem reading/convo 14th St
clean	Attack animals, last house on the left by the lake, and she got colored eyes...we should have known.! Lol
clean	There was a fly that was banging into all the windows and I called it retarded but then I thought to myself umm I'm talki
clean	Luckily for my friends I'm a yellow belt in karate, which is unfortunate for the bonner dudes lookout
clean	When you look like trash and someone compliments you
clean	giantduck pittsburghduck yellow livestream wpxi nofliter @ Duckburgh
clean	Oreo Speedwagon FatBands
clean	I've talked too much trash for OU to lose today...
clean	Yes, yes I know all about the FOB reconciliation. IT WAS MY IDEA! You're welcome.
clean	Last time xfactor auditions came to Dublin, I auditioned and . And a man in a blue monkey s
clean	The incredible scales of celestial bodies.
clean	Muslim Jihadi fighters book tickets on cruise ships to Syria and Iraq
clean	np big nig nig
clean	I wish I had pretty colored eyes .
clean	Report what u want. But physically chasing/hounding is uncivilised... ...Also in case of Bansal/Gadkari
clean	i thank every broad in the universe who takes that step forward puts colored contacts in her eyes. that's one less person
clean	Come On Yankees Lets Keep This Game Going!!! We Must Win!!!
clean	An Ohio inmate sums up what LeBronJames return means for Cleveland: Leb
clean	Martin Short On - CONAN - Oct 3, 2014 With your yellow skin and red hair you look like a 2 pencil.
clean	In which I refresh dhimmi Seattle mayor Ed Murray's poor memory of city's long history as a jihadi breeding ground== h
clean	Mass. GOP Gov.-elect Charlie Baker: No driver's licenses for illegal aliens == NoAmnesty
clean	Donnas taxes are gonna go up.moulinyanlol.
clean	Sonia never criticises Kejriwal. Kejriwal, who trashes every other leader, never criticises Sonia. Touching.
clean	Charlie wears women's clothing
clean	At this point every voter in Florida has voted both for and against Charlie Crist.
clean	Teachers trying to pronounce ghetto names on the 1st day of school...
clean	Offseason Outlook: New YorkYankees
clean	God is a Yankees fan. FarewellCaptain
clean	Free bird!!!
clean	This image of Peshmerga giving the heave-ho to an ISIS flag really brightened my Friday. Kick their sorry butts!!!
clean	I occasionally go to play flappy bird and then I die before getting one and remember how much I hate it.
clean	Wow, Henry Waxman gets caught in a CLASSIC Charlie LeDuff segment after Charlie comes to DC for today's GM hearing:
clean	Poll: Florida Governor Rick Scott is leading Charlie Crist by five points.
clean	Hun, I'm quitting my job and going to learn to become a psychic. Now I know what you're thinking, well not yet. I'm going to
clean	you up, Charlie Brown?
clean	Thanks to I have learned way more than I ever wanted to know about birds...
clean	Hey , the jig is up. Even democrats are through with you. ReasonToExitAnObamaSpeech dems are raci
clean	i still live with hope that one day a hot rich boy will fall in love with me even though im trash
clean	Just to settle it once and for all: Which came first the Chicken or the Egg? The Egg -- laid by a bird that was not a Chicken
clean	Here's your first look at Charlie Cox as Matt Murdock in Marvel's on Netflix NYCC
clean	A person needs just three things to be truly happy in the world: someone to love, something to do, and something to ho
clean	Remember in 2001 when the Yankees were in Boston and the crowd was cheering USA instead of Yankees suck I love baseba
clean	you're secretly a Yankee fan! You'll admit it some day !
clean	Yankees winnnn!!!
clean	We accept the ALS IceBucketChallenge from the ! We challenge the -
clean	If your girl didn't camp out overnight to buy you the iPhone 6 your pee pee is trash...
clean	I can't stand to be around ghetto girls.
clean	Soup is so much better when you have enough crackers to crumble in it to make it into a casserole
clean	There's more than one way to skin a monkey --Barack Bushmeat Obama
clean	**WOW* according to this tweet by Obama must have been an Uncle Tom?
clean	Who spotted the looming yellow crown on tonight's TrueDetective?
clean	Charlie Sheen is engaged to a porn star. I can't be the only one thinking she can do a lot better.
clean	Yesterday, the caged bird sang the blues. RIP MayaAngelou.
clean	Some birds aren't meant to be caged
clean	Dear god, make me a bird so I can fly far, far far away
clean	Raven Symone's hair be like, I'm not colored, I'm American.
clean	they might be called 5 seconds of summer but their songs are 3 minutes of trash
clean	In the Yankees draft room, they had a huge picture of Greg Campbell with the message, this is the makeup we're looking for.
clean	Run Differentials:Mets -14, Yankees -32.
clean	That the Yankees have won four straight Shane Greene starts and 7 of 9 speaks to his stability in a season of starters emergen
clean	Republican Rick Scott has been reelected FLGov, defeating Democrat Charlie Crist.
clean	I'm a little teapot short and Irish artist of the year AMAs EMABiggestFans1D
clean	LED Christmas decor Lights 10m 33ft 100 LED Fairy string Light for Outdoor/Indoor,
clean	Sweet treat at lunch today - raspberry gelato, gin+juice sorbet brownie gelato! GelatoCart Thursday - can't wait ...
clean	nerds are cool because they get really judge-y about other nerds being passionate about things they aren't passionate abo ...
clean	Duchess of Cambridge to present the first yellow jersey TDF
clean	When Joey Bada$$ said Traded in my Nikes for a new mic, I guess it's safe to say he sold his soles for a new life.
clean	Bill Maher mocks gullible America for missing the real enemy
clean	Flappy bird is dusty
clean	Video: Renegade Cut: Snowpiercer An analysis of Bong Joon-hos sci-fi action film. Topics include...
clean	Got 5 20% off slots for sole sauce for the early birds today Use SAVE20 at checkout
clean	Got receipt ink on your soles? no problem.
clean	Kanye West is a costume not a mock of a race. girl I hate to do this but Kanye is a human not a costume but
clean	Kevin Hart make funny faces... His curriculum kinda trash... Curriculum?
clean	Have a great day, you lovely fellow apes :)
clean	Humans are genetically closer to chimps than chimps are to gorillas. But we are all apes. Have a great day you clever twe
clean	Uh oh: California solar plant fries thousands of birds in mid-flight - Hot Air
clean	Fox News presenters mock female pilot who took part in campaign against Isis wtf
clean	It's like The Walking Dead, but with less Carl and more talking birds. ZOMBIE ATTACK!!!
clean	Getting ready for Nevada Hump Day . Real live camels, ostriches and zebras - oh my! NevadaHumpDay
clean	I'm confused. Martins Indi just drew a yellow card, but I didn't see him steal a tank from the Brazilian army and open fire
clean	. declares victory by introducing our next governor, Charlie Baker wcvb
clean	Final debate clean-up: journalists sure know how to trash a lobby... wcvbpoli wcvb
clean	I think it's time to bring out the drunken monkey
clean	Travis always on my TL being ghetto
clean	when people say coloured
clean	Yeah I know it's Jeff's book. The one where he admits to beating prisoners and lying abo
clean	a girl tweeted you might be ghetto if u bring food from outside into the movies no u might be stupid if u pay 4.99 for a b
clean	It's settled. The Ding Dong is far superior than the Twinkie.
clean	Congratulations for reinforcing the stereotype for insecure, uneducated, uncivilized, ba
clean	Since I know you're wondering, No, Cracker Barrel is not a place to buy barrels full of crackers.
clean	Day 2 of FXXs Simpsons marathon Barts Dog Gets an F to Last Exit to Springfield will be the best consecutive 24 ho
clean	Criticize Amanda for saying the n word, sure, but don't make jokes about her sexual assault, don't be trash.
clean	I drove my daughter's guinea pig to the vet's this morning. I'm quite handy with my new Callaway golf clubs. sickipedia
clean	Quan helps everyone out with random questions and computer stuff but no one can oop him GRs?! Something ain't right abo
clean	Now Call Down Your Dark and Your Cold and Be Damned, Charlie Brown
clean	For lots of great oldies, check out Memories and More, with Yankee Rose, today from 1:00 PM to 4:00 PM Eastern!
clean	The P72 Derek Jeter used to hit the walk-off single in his final Stadium at-bat. (Images via ) htt
clean	mayonnaise colored benz i push miracle whips
clean	now 5sos is starting to tweet the hashtag, they're trash! vote5sos
clean	i only rted alex ramos aka trash to gain followers vote5sos
clean	I'm only back cause I don't wanna see the boys lose to trash vote5sos
clean	The only things you need in life are comfy shirts and Oreos southernshirt
clean	Yankees didn't want Russell Martin, so he signed with the Pirates 2 years ago. Pirates have made back-to-back postseasons
clean	Dani Alves uses his new gray hair to talk himself out of a yellow card, telling the referee, I am but a humble senior
clean	It's a bird...It's a plane...It's SuperManu NBASuperHeroes
clean	It's a bird! It's a plane! It's a boat! No...It's, it's... a flying human? lakeerie cle
clean	I have yet to master the art of eating a powdered donut without looking like I just left Charlie Sheen's house.
clean	Here come wiggas soft tweets...
clean	If a tree falls in the woods and nobody is around does it make any noise? If NJ blows away and only trash live the ...
clean	MS bids for most social Christmas yet with Follow the Fairies campaign CLE marketing
clean	Charlie understood how to keep those percentages lower...
clean	Once again, birds of a feather...
clean	I have a pink fuzzy one a silky silver one. Bathrobes are a wonderful thing
clean	Buy me double stuffed Oreos and you can be my boyfriend
clean	So City Lights is a Charlie Chaplin movie by via
clean	I wear beanies all winter long! So no bandanas till summer
clean	I'm having a date at Yankee Field then getting kiss cam... bucketlist
clean	my score on flappy bird is higher than the broncos score right now
clean	Stuff broke loose, must not panic and share GIF instead
clean	Charlie Crist Leads Rick Scott In a Florida Governor's Race Where Every Vote Will Matter
clean	Prime suspect of Foley murder is 23y/o British Jihadi who, wait for it ... declared his allegiance to Anonymous
clean	he trash tbh StartMikeVike
clean	If your 15/16 ACT like your those ages not like your 20. Its not cute. That awk moment when I thought this tweet was abo
clean	in the trash, i hope. just dropped four new songs
clean	Yankee Doodle had a farm. Cotton farm
clean	worse yet u meet a bird with a nice ras and you're like something about u looks familiar lol
clean	Royal city of the Kushite kings at Meroe (Sudan),near River Nile.It was the seat of the rulers who occupied Egypt
clean	that pointy nail game is for da birds.
clean	A birds eye view of today's harvest14 activities. Thanks for the great camera work!
clean	Full set (except the last song) from Southern Darkness Fest last month. Who's the ape on guitar?
clean	Fairy tale does not deny the existence of sorrow and failure...
clean	Have their been any reports of an aerosolized virus that turns apes intelligent? Seems like that kind of day.
clean	Found cheese cracker sandwiches in the cabinet, a year expired. Ate them anyway. If I die tonight, these will be the worst l
clean	Piers Morgan to Charlie Sheen: You were taking Cocaine Charlie Sheen: I wasnt taking it. I had to pay for it. via ...
clean	Charlie Crist Refuses To Back Down From Race-Based Attack On GOP
clean	There will be track sweeping during this yellow.
clean	Okay okay but. Trans birds
clean	Alabama is overrated this yr the last 2 weeks has shown too many chinks in their armor WV gave them hell too
clean	I wanna eat weed brownies but then I ask my self if I really wanna spend countless hours watching a documentary on sea tu
clean	UPDATE: Collegian dressed as yellow Teletubby will face charges for break-in, theft of Chinese food leftovers...
clean	When I throw away paperball perfectly into the trash can:
clean	How much coke did Charlie sheen do?... Enough to kill two and a half men I guess
clean	On this USMNT day 2014, the Yanks advanced out of the GroupOfDeath despite a 0-1 loss to GER.
clean	Charlie Rangel on GOP: They believe slavery isn't over RANGEL IS A FLAGRANT TAX EVADER AND RACIST
clean	draya really out catching a tan while her son looking out the window like the ikea monkey while everybody trick or treati
clean	Flappy bird is taking over my life. I can hear the bird crashing every time something goes wrong.
clean	Sen. Harry Reid Lists all the Things Republicans Have Blocked in the Senate via He is ho
clean	Well we sure as heck know how to read. I'm reading the trash right now and almost everything I've heard on the web
clean	Which World Cup Teams Are Jihadis Rooting For?
clean	China's bird flu outbreak: 3 good signs, 3 bad signs and 3 very bad signs
clean	Just me or are there a lot of tweets from media tonight about election night food???!!! For the record: cheese crackers
clean	last thought before bed: in 92 we had a mock election in 3rd grade and i voted for Perot. maybe i related to his rea
clean	Charlie wearing the Don't Tread On Me flag pin? Every Dem should show up in Congress in 2015 wearing that
clean	Once I get a cold beer in my hand there ain't no mistakin who I am, I can't hide my redneck side
clean	Even shorter Charlie Sheen: Your move, Mel Gibson.
clean	On the east coast there's colored hair everywhere. This must be the sweetest wave ever.
clean	My Chinese social media feed is in total hysteria over the onset of bird flu recent dead pigs in the river in Shang ...
clean	Let's go Yankees
clean	Gov Rick Scott Refuses To Debate Charlie Crist Because Of A Small Fan
clean	New avi thanks to b Oreo
clean	Feeling the crisp fall wind spinning around me and watching the colorful leaves fall like rainbow colored raindrops slowly
clean	Chest tattoos on females are trash .
clean	Who's to blame for the Yankees underperformance this year? The Umps? Management? The Ebola Outbreak?...How bout the player
clean	the trash generation
clean	where are all the thinkpieces on why kids call themselves trash and garbage these days
clean	from a TDD POV linux is just a mock for the kernel of the GNU/HURD system.
clean	if you're gonna trash talk my piercings don't say it in front of my best friends
clean	what got me into baseball! :Well only a couple more days till all these legends will be retired CORE4 Yankees
clean	: Thank you, Captain. It'll never be the same. Jeter2
clean	Rams too Lakers as a whole is trash Jordan Hill is trash. Play Davis and Randle more
clean	Ravioli stuffed wit lobster nd a nice stuffed clam eating betterthanamobster
clean	Re: Alexander Skarsgard, my roommate has declared: He's a sexy albino lizard. i dont know how that's sexy, but it kinda is.
clean	Reaaallly wish I had more milk for Oreos. Lol
clean	Ready to go get my fried Oreos
clean	Real basketball players get disappointed when they throw something in the trash can and miss
clean	Real talk not being byes or nothin! The whole NFC south glad bag trash this year none of the teams have a chance making it to the playoffs!
clean	Really craving my arroz con pollo y habichuelas right now
clean	Really tempted to let out the redneck side of my drink a lot of beer and sing some country karaoke...
clean	Reaper drones pinpoint Jihadi John via
clean	Regular joes rockin tha boat that's us redneck yacht clubbb
clean	Remember that fear is there to guide you, not cripple you.
clean	Republicans aren't the only racist in America. We have racist Democrats too. But don't play the token negro card...
clean	Rescue elephant calf Nunai looking fuzzy at the International Fund for Animal Welfare Rehabilitati
clean	Rev. Charlie Rangel: What Unions Stand For Are Spiritual Damn Things LIKE INFLATABLE RATS.
clean	Review: The Yanks are Coming! A Military History of the United States in World War I via
clean	Rewrite, tinker with it's official language regarding same-sex relationships, divorce, remarriage, etc. But nothing is set in stone at all.
clean	Rose colored glasses only, you guys. wvnextin6
clean	Roseanne really bums me out. The show, and the woman. On that note, it's time to chug some ZzzQuil.
clean	Rotherdam RapeJihad coverup: young girls sacrificed on altar of political correctness in favor pf paki pedo gangs
clean	Ruby is not ugly bunga bunga
clean	Rudy Throws Fastballs Near Charlies Chin...(No Sweat) Crist Ducking Giuliani Campaign Politics In Florida! DoG
clean	Russel Martin had a miserable season but is quietly having a good September Yankees BlueJays MLB
clean	S/o to my mom came home to tacos and brownies
clean	SNL mocks entire Obama tenure in Ebola skit - Hot Air
clean	SOMEBODY please BRING OUT OF MY hotel room and HIRE ME for something REAL I work hard for somebody throwing me in the trash. IWantOut
clean	Saltine crackers for dinner lol. Sad lyfe.
clean	Sapete che? Vi odio... ho finito...
clean	Saw 5 pick up a dime off the floor with her toes. Apparently my monkey toes gene is strong with that one.
clean	Saw brownies on the kitchen counter, bit into one and immediately a surge of pain and spice hit my tongue. Chili flakes. Eff you, Brian.
clean	School Schoo Scho Sch Sc S St Sta Stay Stay h Stay ho Stay hom Stay home
clean	Scott brooks finds new ways to flip me the bird each game. I know it's the right move but Idontcare KDStreak imsad
clean	Sebastian is high on cat nip rn
clean	See me ride out of that sunset, on your, colored TV screen TNT ACDC
clean	Seeing another baseball team just makes me wanna book my trip right now.
clean	Selling ex lax brownies in front of Meijer to pregnant women. GoodDeed
clean	Sent ideas in to VOEM , they only seem to wanna hold testing/drills in nice weather, we need to run mock incidents in bad weather, night,
clean	Serious question here; How many country songs mention honkey tonk(s)?
clean	Seriously, reading thriller like books spook me more than most horror movies. bookgeek
clean	Sewing is also a requirement to be an ISIS Jihadi girl - keep the men's clothes presentable ISISFeminism
clean	Shades of Eric Chavez's past gold glove! Yankees Oakland
clean	She May Be Dumb As A Stump, but even Sarah mocks OBAMA!
clean	She has zebra tights in her take home bag, me and my mom are just
clean	She sounded like a bird crowing
clean	She trash tho.
clean	She unfollowed me after I said I cried watching dawn of the apes lmaooooooo
clean	She's definitely a Kardashian bird
clean	She's just mad cuz her big toe looks like an angry bird! Haha
clean	Sheehey back door cuts still go un guarded! IU HoosierHoops hoosiers
clean	Short answer: Yes. ~ Sage Grouse Rebellion: Will Obama use two small birds to limit oil drilling in the West?
clean	Should Oscar go to or Computer that turned him into an ape? NO...The ComputerScience major Movie
clean	Should I be worried that a lady behind my building is talking to a crow?
clean	Should I take a nap though too kill a mocking bird or nah?
clean	Shut up birds it's bed time.
clean	Shy girls
clean	Shy singer surprises and melts Simons heart: This was so damn beautiful! I almost cried!!!
clean	Shylock Wongs: 3 Incidents of Democrat Bigotry In 3 Weeks - Media Mum via
clean	Sierra almost got caught with the ole hick
clean	Sighs of relief from Beijing Guoan fans China's govt as club nips Japanese rival 2-1 in tense match: football
clean	Sinai Jihadi Group Beheads 3 Accused of Being Spies of the Jews via
clean	Sitting alone watching White Chicks, no pants, fuzzy blankets, tea || turn up
clean	Sitting on the deck, enjoying a StoneIPA, watching/smelling the neighbors burn trash. Missouri
clean	Sixten just shoved like 8 Oreos down his throat
clean	Skippy and the Kats. FezBandName
clean	Slack jawed yokel husband
clean	Smuggled letter by Gaza tunnel digger details suffering under Hamas rule via
clean	So I'm at tedgibson and Ted is getting his hair colored right beside me. Heeeey!
clean	So I've been pretty paranoid about the cooling weather bringing about an abundance of birds in Austin, NYC and Philadelphia.
clean	So Politico says Rney will win and then goes after Gallup for doing the same thing. LMAO at you teabaggers morningjoe
clean	So am I the only cracker up playing his guitar (thank you ) on this Saturday night?
clean	So i bought condoms for my party at rite aid and the lady gave me a dirty look, just now i came back and bought trash bags imagineherface
clean	So let's see what you look like in the AM without the 10 filters and colored contact lenses, your followers are dying to know
clean	So many weird people in the ghetto at this time.
clean	So much for UCLA being the team to beat they are trash
clean	So much more going on but hypocrisy doesn't sit well with me. My redneck family from central Illinois more black then Bieber!
clean	So my daughter seen Charlie Villanueva... Questions on 1,000
clean	So my light was off door was closed , mom walks in turn lights on . Tells me to take trash out in the morning . then walked out... Light on
clean	So now been trill is trash cus asap said so ok
clean	So real it's unreal LOL Yankees WorldSeries 27andCounting MLB MLBtheShow12
clean	So we are not even two full games into the season, and the fairweather whining is already in full effect? Yankees
clean	So you don't want to see the true life story of American heroes, Bizzy, Lazy, Krayzie Wish... you wanna watch hillbillies shoot pumpkins
clean	So, I can get into something closely approximating the full bird of paradise yoga pose. TIME TO MAKE MY RAGDOLL COSPLAY
clean	So, about this flappy bird game then.
clean	Some Douche cubs redneck cubs fan freaked out asking if bites... No you bloody BERK!!! He's like the
clean	Some Jihadi posted a bio of the ISIS boss Mr Awad with excellent sociological info. Can't thank him/her enough for the gift.
clean	Some are oval and some are pink some are blue and some are just yellow
clean	Some black people live in an entirely different world where everything is peaches and cream, apparently. Take off the rose colored glasses.
clean	Someone at my household wants to die. I get all excited to enjoy a couple of Oreos, but someone left ONLY ONE. ONE FRIGGIN OREO.
clean	Someone come take these brownies away from me before I eat the whole pan!
clean	Someone please bring me Goldfish crackers
clean	Someone probably told him 6 God was trash.
clean	Someone should explain to Blake griffin that talking trash to an opposing 3rd string is unbecoming, even amongst clippers.
clean	Someone tell his dreads are part of the uniform. I'd pull your hair too. Why are you trash talking? Cut your Doodoo braids.
clean	Someone tell the royals to stay home there trash
clean	Someone's mother called me a handsome, buff, yellow thang last night... my ego was temporarily elevated and was dying lol
clean	Sometimes I wish I had a cute pet monkey, but then I remember it would probably defecate everywhere, beat me up, and destroy my house.
clean	Sooo my first aid/cpr certification came in handy tonight. Glad I didn't lose my monkey
clean	Sore Loser Charlie Crist Wont Give Concession Speech, Calls For Recount tcot pjnet
clean	Sorry Sam, I went to Is wes durham woody durham son??? If so, why is that tar baby doing a PACK game.
clean	Sorry all my fellow negros
clean	Sources say that Charlie Crist is on the phone with Rick Scott as I type this to concede.
clean	Space brownies
clean	Speaking of ford and garland, I need to get my sub from there. And a job application. Lol killin 2 birds with one stone!!! merica
clean	Special thanks to Tina, Charlie and staff at Waverly Hills... thanks to everyone that dedicated time to make the...
clean	Stafford trash without Megatron fantasyfootballproblems
clean	Stay warm beanies sweaterweather booty4ever
clean	Stayin up late to watch Ichiro Yankees
clean	Step up and take your oppurtunity! freshfaces iubb hoosiers
clean	Stephan A Smith saying Jay Cutlers shouldn't be a MVP candidate is just straight up retarded
clean	Stop Smokin Bathsalt, Charlie Brown! rejectedpeanutsspecials
clean	Stop rt'ing Celtics trash please
clean	Study by Center for Biological Diversity called (taxpayer funded) Ivanpah a mega-trap-will kill 28,000 birds year.
clean	Such a trash episode of the walking dead tonight.
clean	Suddenlink is trash. Y'all know how important Bubble Guppies is to our day?
clean	Sunday's are the day to chug through while everyone else around you is obsessing with what their fave football team does and fantasy league.
clean	Supporters of officer Darren Wilson rally in St Louis ferguson kkk tcot tpot teabaggers teaparty
clean	Surprise, surprise! TSA trashes Brandon Darby's Border Patrol sources
clean	Surrender of Divinity - Conquerors of the Apocalypse: via Oriental Black Metal Hell!!!
clean	Swap meet bound beaner
clean	Sweet Jesus morningjoe are you going to split screen Rep James Clyburn Charlie Daniels at the same time? morningjoe
clean	Sweet baby birds, you crack me up. ~~ Houston Foodlovers
clean	Sweet yellow bone thang, I call her Honey mustard...
clean	Sweet! Just found that box of Twinkies I bought last year for $225.00! I bet its at least tripled by now! Such a no-brainer buy!
clean	TRUST ME Seattle WE GIVE Thanksgiving it's DUE A huge, flightless bird? Dream come true for European bird eaters...
clean	Taco Bell is super trash when you're sober
clean	Taking out a second mortgage and betting it all on the Yankees winning the World Cup. They win a lot; seemed like a no-brainer to me.
clean	Taria the filterless sis.dari the angelic sis.im the big bro lol and jigg lil bro
clean	Tattoos are about expression not meaning. One mans trash is another mans treasure
clean	Terrifying. leprechaun
clean	Text me instead of playing flappy birds SoIKnowItsReal
clean	Thank you Charlie FF
clean	Thank you Charlie
clean	Thank you Charlie, Happy Thursday
clean	Thank you, hand out that candy Charlie
clean	Thanks for coming with me last night because it's ghetto and no one else could of handled it! Summer2014
clean	Thanks Charlie
clean	Thanks Charlie, have a great evening
clean	Thanks to cracker tweets today, my pilchards on Krackerwheat are repeating on me like a typical night on the BBC :-/
clean	That Ouija movie look like trash
clean	That Principal shld be ashamed Look at these poor colored kids who WE made smart They are not your props. disgusted morningjoe
clean	That crow has socks
clean	That dude from Chicago w/ the fuzzy mustache and bangs, Johnny Love, he's whack. memoriesofidots
clean	That front flip was trash. That's how I front flip into the swimming pool and land on my back every time.
clean	That long hair doesn't cover up your redneck
clean	That mocha colored chick doe think I fell in love
clean	That night cap nonsense is for the birds.!
clean	That warm fuzzy feeling when you're able to give someone a helping hand. Talking about medical problems with others can really help.
clean	That was a solid investment of 15 mins. Cue up Frank. Yankees. Wow.
clean	That was not good times! Starting the mickey mouse club soon!
clean	That was trash. I'm just gonna put my phone down. Goodnight
clean	That'd been a ghetto little meal
clean	That's like saying I've had the pinto since 72 dude I've had an iPhone since the beginning.
clean	That's right I'm making brownies right now
clean	The Yanks Are Coming: From Disparagement to Pride
clean	The Yankees don't need Tanaka or Beltran or all these big name players!!! believe
clean	The teabagger freemarket really doing wonders in Bangladesh these last couple of days. tcot p2 teaparty randpaul
clean	The are playing the tonight. In other words, I am not friends with .
clean	The African Goshawk (Accipiter tachiro) is a species of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family. fou
clean	The Bucs has 2 great uniforms and ruined them both for that trash smh
clean	The Conjuring wasn't trash. It just wasn't as good as Insidious.
clean	The Devil Wears Charlie, by Revlon. lesserfilms
clean	The Giants trash
clean	The Guy got excited when he saw Oreo cookie crusts. He thought I was making pie. He was bummed when he realized it was cheesecake.
clean	The John Cantlie video issued by Al Furqan media is a new level of the Jihadi propaganda: promises more episodes wages ideological warfare
clean	The KFAN mock draft continues, Cleveland is on the clock. Paul Allen has the Vikings 8th pick. I am going with Def back, Justin Gilbert
clean	The Met Office has issued an amber warning of snow,at least it's not a warning of amber snow.Posh word for yellow.
clean	The Office, fuzzy socks, and my favorite blanket is literally all I need in life rn
clean	The Perfect Gift for the Jihadi on Your Shopping List
clean	The Pirates have made the playoffs and the Yankees are out...hell has frozen over
clean	The Republican Lt Governor of Missouri says he's sorry he called LAW Anglo-American Law. Racist Pig That he is...
clean	The Rick Scott/Charlie Crist ads have been running nearly non-stop in Florida for the past week. And they are getting even worse.
clean	The Saints are pure trash lol smh
clean	The Walking Dead is trash people... That is all.
clean	The Wayans bros is the most retarded show ever.
clean	The Yankees still suck!
clean	The beautiful Fairy Pools near Glenbrittle on the Isle of Skye, Scotland
clean	The bengals have been trash for like 5 weeks it seems
clean	The bird is the word. EsuranceSave30
clean	The birds and the bees
clean	The birds and the bugs voguet by Anat R via vintage jewelry bugout insects birds
clean	The boy who shot albino deer
clean	The brownies I just made are a sin
clean	The early bird gets the worm But the second mouse gets the cheese
clean	The early bird takes a nap before noon.
clean	The ending to that Yankee game was so planned I can't even take it
clean	The fact that the Bruins drafted a Yankees fan just goes to show how weak the scouting staff is IMO. Didn't do their homework. firechoreli
clean	The family of Ron O'Neal needs to sue Wu-Tang for that trash song they released in his name.
clean	The guinea fowls are not what they seem.
clean	The jig
clean	The jigg is up
clean	The last at-bat at Yankee Stadium. Thanks for making it a good one, Captain. FarewellCaptain.
clean	The pro-ISIS Jihadi prayer from Hajj making the rounds now.
clean	The punishment should fit the crime. For instance, if you take the last Twinkie you should choke on that Twinkie. Twinkie's are sacred.
clean	The redskins just begging to lose this game smh
clean	The redskins should change their name to the injuns
clean	The republican teabaggers hate this but screw em.
clean	The right for an English person to go about his business is more important than any suspicion of some rouge wog cop.
clean	The two ringless fags Barkley Reggie were talking nonsense the entire game
clean	The value of Abu Qutadas statement is that his credentials in Jihadi circles are impeccable. Hes facing trial on terrorism charges.
clean	Thee Bears are trash tho...
clean	Their gotta be a loaded lux vs Murda mook 3
clean	Their salsa negro is awesome...
clean	Them brownies tho
clean	Then I went inside, in order to hide from mutant bird
clean	Then Zerah the Cushite came against them with an army of one million men and 300 chariots. They came as far as Mare
clean	There are LOTS of top tier wrestlers who started as yardies.
clean	There is a trash bag in my hall thats been there for like 2 wks. Weird thing: it changes consistency every few days
clean	There is no such rule as tie goes to the runner. Out or safe. Yankees JohnSterling
clean	There is this yellow thing in the sky. I don't know what to make of it.
clean	There should be a side trip into DC to Charlie Palmers during CPAC
clean	There's a bird nest in my garage and so now when the birds fly out they poop on my car.
clean	There's a green bowl high. A spliff high. A j high. A blunt high. A moke high. And a Moke + coffee high.
clean	There's a special place in hell for people who slam on their brakes for yellow lights
clean	There's gonna be a lot of trash talk today worldcup
clean	There's someone riding around the Robinson Walmart in a lawn mower. With ghetto headlights added. reallife
clean	These are insane and Cigars trash!? Foam done bumped his head These are insane. Like so insane.
clean	These birds messy.
clean	These brownies are bomb!!!
clean	These brownies
clean	These peanut butter brownies bout to give me life too!
clean	They come out Charlie Sheen... They come out coupe machine
clean	They come to you out of the blue. They make others see red and green with envy. They aren't always black or white. You're not yellow luckily
clean	They didn't lose the city. Red Sox fans are bandwagon fans just like Yankee fan. morningjoe
clean	They got David taking out the trash
clean	They got the redskins faking injuries
clean	They have a clumsy bird too lol what is life
clean	They love me at the place I bring my car to...I don't know why Spanish men love me... sometimes I do look like a guala though Lol
clean	They must be Russian birds! Russian birds are known for invading Chiminea.
clean	They say one man's trash is the next man's treasure. Where one finds pain the next might find pleasure.
clean	They say our state bird is rare...I literally see one at least once a day
clean	They took it there bro you know I'm civil. wait a minute! Lol. Don't get ghetto V!
clean	They use to call my mom Japs when she was younger. Lol Asian racial slurs.
clean	They were taking a picture and I saw a bird fly past and I was like, oh bird!
clean	Thing that made me feel old today: Tori Amos is 50.
clean	Thinking about the boom boom boom waaay ho video makes me laugh at least once a day.
clean	Thinking bout those oysters at the gator bait tho
clean	This 8 yr old on masterchefjunior made my chicken look like trash.
clean	This Billy Crystal tribute to Derek Jeter is crazy. I hate the Yankees, but man... Derek Jeter... RE2PECT
clean	This Charlie Murder game is pretty dope Xbla
clean	This Isn't Murica, Charlie Brown. rejectedpeanutsspecials
clean	This O6 just caught me talking to a bird and that was pretty embarrassing
clean	This being sick is for the birds.
clean	This being too sick to function is for the birds ! I was starting to feel slightly better earlier,now I feel like death again!
clean	This bro is just rippin apart a bird about 10 feet from us... redtail hawk
clean	This brownies bro
clean	This car has two registration tags. Both yellow. One for 2014 one for 2005. Wth
clean	This cowboys an redskins game was a hell of a game
clean	This does create a slippery slope tho , players gonna have to watch they mouth too , no tolerance for ignorance anymore
clean	This dumb Berk drives in circles through town on his bright yellow cycle with music blaring incredibly
clean	This flappy bird game addicting .
clean	This fuzzy wuzzy kitten wants to know how a raven is like a writing desk. Find out why here
clean	This guy is nits i learn new things every day, u the only one still talkin bout jim crow. There go that republican hypocrisy
clean	This hot chocolate and Famous Amos too bomb right now
clean	This is a long yellow for a bunch of track sweeping. Not a ton have taken opportunities to pit. IndyCar GoProGrandPrix
clean	This is a sexy tweet. With a 6-0 lead, Yankees turn to Matt Thornton to finish off the Red Sox in the 9th.
clean	This is better than flappy bird. FallOutBird
clean	This is really for Exploding giant yellow ducks. Youll appreciate this:
clean	This is so much fun! 1UBB 1ndiana hoosiers hoosierdaddy
clean	This is true... Charlie Clips the coldest battle rapper doing it. No debating!!!
clean	This is why my mother isn't allowed to make brownies
clean	This is why nothing gets done. Morons like Coburn trying 2 ad a gun amendment 2 a public works bill. Push back on the teabagger morningjoe
clean	This mint brownies recipe is made with almond flour, coconut palm sugar, coconut oil, and coconut mi
clean	This morning is brought to you by Emergen-C. I really need to nip this cold/flu business in the bud. NoGermsWanted
clean	This music is trash
clean	This my dog telling me he is done playing frisbee for now... lazy mutt
clean	This new avi trash or nah
clean	This no beef thing is for the birds!!!
clean	This one night I was tripping off brownies I put my running shoes on and I was still in pjs, it was 2am !
clean	This picture on Weibo made China's censors add big yellow duck to its list of banned terms
clean	This re-colored pictured of Abraham Lincoln is one of the coolest things Ive seen in a while
clean	This reminds me of another quality video lol. He ain't fittin to front for these peckerwoods!
clean	This store is SO redneck...
clean	This target is ghetto, but whatever
clean	This waiting thing is for the birds...
clean	This whole game, I've been trying to figure out why the Dutch are wearing yellow. SMH.
clean	This. Good. pricklypear shiner
clean	Thou shall not mock Ryan(the future)Kelly
clean	Three little birds
clean	Thursdays really been trash this season
clean	Thw White Iron Band plays this weekend in Fargo,ND at the Aquarium(21+) ,Friday(10-29-10) with Charlie Parr. The next night,Saturday...
clean	Tilt my chin back, slit my throat, take a bath in my blood, get to know me
clean	Time 2 kill 2 birds with 1 stone. Work out while I renew my food handlers card online. Push play for this dumb class
clean	Time to start listing to il spook
clean	Tiny out here looking like an albino red nose pitbull from a dope boy's trap house.
clean	To be clear, I don't think there's any chance Krug leaves for Russia. But it's fun to mock the speculation.
clean	To the senior class: there will be Oreo funfetti bars in the den this morning
clean	Today is GAMEDAY! iubb i need iu to win so my jersey can arrive! HoosierNation hoosiers
clean	Today is fun but tuesday will be awesome. IU v michiganst 1UBB hoosiers
clean	Today's Spy Ops: (His soles need a cleaning lick lick. I bet this cuties sneaks smell good)
clean	Tommy trash
clean	Tomorrow's agenda: bake brownies visit a couple open house.
clean	Tonight starts the road the Super Bowl for the ! Here we go brownies here we go! WOOF WOOF Browns2014Draft
clean	Tonight. My sole purpose is to be thoroughly intoxicated. Night off and no class In the AM. Maybe I deserve it
clean	Too bad Brandon Lavergne isn't gonna have that vein spiked at Angola. mickey
clean	Too much makeup so trash...
clean	Tracy Morgans car wreck and the press was covered by Zappa in the 60s...Some joker with a brownie and ye'll see it all complete
clean	Traffic in the gables
clean	Trailor trash tina time
clean	Trending: 2 adult human skulls found in trash in Connecticut
clean	Try Rex's NEW water roasted tomato/potato sawdust crackers! Loaded with enough sodium as to make Lots wife look unsavory! Only 22.99 a box!
clean	Tryna get to home like base to base to base, closet looking like planet of the bathing apes
clean	Tuna is good the rest trash Cans of spam Most struggle food HAS TO BE any meat In a can, tuna included
clean	Turn on the magic of colored light. longexposure lightwriting
clean	Twice divorced teabagger Florida Attorney General says marriage is reserved for stable, enduring family units
clean	Twinkies are so unfilling. which is odd because they are filled
clean	Twitter is trash
clean	Twitters little blue birds name is Larry, after Celtics, ISU Larry Bird, stick ticker is $TWTR.
clean	Two red bones kissin n da back seat
clean	Tyrese trash
clean	U serious bro??? lol 2-3:10am early bird special
clean	US spy planes are flying over British skies in hunt for Jihadi John's assoc's with advanced tech! via
clean	Un pollito cruzaba la frontera, un zorro se tropieza con el pollo, el zorro le dice, im sorry el pollo le dice im...
clean	Uncalled for All trash 16. Which one the best?
clean	Unintended consequences of the current fed regulations. Trays of uneaten food thrown in the trash, Hungry kids.
clean	Up like an eagle tryna catch the early bird that catches the worm.
clean	Use to trap them birds now I'm fly like a birdddd
clean	Vice News interview with the Canadian Jihadi has the poem I translated f4 u as its sound track
clean	Video: Charlie Baker campaign team denies contacting Gov. Patrick for meeting
clean	Video: Charlie Baker makes final push for votes
clean	Video: Charlie Baker remembers Tom Menino
clean	Video: On The Record: Charlie Baker
clean	Video: Shy Glizzy I Cant TrustMyself
clean	View from the ghetto ain't bad, Rio
clean	Vintage Gold and Diamond Engagement Ring / 10k yellow gold unique ring Size 4.75 by VintageBaublesnBits via
clean	Viola, Auntie...you can't call White trash women White trash like this during primetime! HTGAWM
clean	Virtually zero protections for LGBTQ persons in Alabama. Not a lot of acceptance, either. Think about queer Alabamian kids today?
clean	WALK OFF HR!
clean	WATCH-Obamas Newly Released Gitmo Jihadi Has Links To Terrorists In Syria
clean	WATCH: Excited ISIS Jihadis Getting Their Yezidi Sex Slaves On Distribution Day ISIS tcot pjnet lnyhbt gop
clean	WATCH: Excited ISIS Jihadis Getting Their Yezidi Sex Slaves On Distribution Day
clean	WEBBERS! Sz13 vnds restorers dream, cracked midsole, sole separation, and fogged bubbles. 150
clean	WH: Obama wont name Holders replacement until you rubes have already cast your midterm ballots - Hot Air
clean	WIB plays next Fri (5-16-14)at the Silverdome Ballroom(21+) in Neillsville,WI with Charlie Parr Hobo Nephews of Uncle Frank! Tickets 15$
clean	WTF I'mma do about my legs Charlie Murphy...
clean	WTMF is Murica? You say it, you should be thunderpunched in the throat, or sole stomped.
clean	Wait a minute... Bowyer causing a yellow in a Chase race Caution, 15 NASCAR
clean	Wait did take my brownies???
clean	Waiting for brownies. I want brownies. Someone hooks it up?
clean	Want to go get this brownie, I'm stuck doe.
clean	Want to touch tha boootyyyyy...neeeeed to touch the heinie
clean	Was finna slit my eyebrows up in the shop but nahhhhhh. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
clean	WashPost Describes Charlie Crist's Bizarre Obsession With Fan Between Legs To Stop Sweat When Asked/Answering Questions! DoG
clean	Watch out ned! crc worldcup2014 puravida
clean	Watched some crows eat a sandwich
clean	Watching Steelers colts getting blinded by the Steelers uniys look like bunch of bumblebees
clean	Watching Richie Rich! On Tv...Even he wanted to kick it with the ghetto kids... Shows yuh how much Money Aint A Thang!...
clean	We can't call somebody wack we got Raymond Felton Lin so trash.
clean	We over here struggling with college and work and ice jj fish making money for being trash lol. What has this world come to.
clean	We wacko birds are still tweeting MakeDCListen
clean	We're Bringing The Cadaver Dogs, Charlie Brown. rejectedpeanutsspecials
clean	We're going to make the school look so redneck tomorrow.
clean	Weed brownies
clean	Weekend is here. What an amazing week this has been. Let's use this extended weekend to celebrate our successes my fellow queer folk.
clean	Weird frosted colored lipgloss is weird...
clean	Welcome to our land of dispossession! Check out the evil, racist whitey sitting on steps etc. Reconquista, Woo Hoo!!!
clean	Welcome to the family, Mia Meli! new puppy adorable cute fluffy mutt mybaby girl
clean	Well Jay I guess if you wanna keep your house from burning down...the bird is the word yeah!!! jaymohrsports
clean	Well Jenna's getting a yellow lab so I know where ill be whenever I'm home
clean	Well good morning early birds... t minus 47 mins until thee clock out. Then breakfast shower rub one and sleep!
clean	Went to an open house today the place was trash. Ewww
clean	Western Jihadi fanboys use of language: peppering sentences with Arabic words to sound knowledgeable - Comical
clean	What a trash franchise. Fergie will sing the National Anthem at the Clippers season opener tomorrow.
clean	What an amazing, proud day it was today for and blockheads! Time for bed! Good knight!
clean	What barrel of trash doesn't smell as bad? Imagine Dragons or Nickelback?
clean	What else come on on mondays im not finna watch that trash, ive destroyed enuf brain cells.
clean	What ever happened to the Teen Titans of my day and why must they mock me with this Teen Titans Go?
clean	What if I talked ghetto lol I'd be so annoyed of my self
clean	What is this the are doing today? Using those wooden things and making it all the way around the bases? Weird.
clean	What manner of black folk take their kids riding in the ghetto to point out misplaced youth and victimized cursed brethren and say:
clean	What the monkey...
clean	What's a trash party ?
clean	When Charlie tries to walk into my room and it can't remember if I locked the door or not
clean	When Robinson Cano left the Yankees they were selling his jersey for $25. When Aaron Hernandez went to jail they sold his for $10.
clean	When all else fails, blast bare nips
clean	When did Miley turn ghetto?
clean	When did it become cool to ne stupid? This teabagger debate is slim on facts at best.
clean	When people label their name on there ghetto nano
clean	When people really think I'm Asian I get offended, Even though I make fun of my gook self
clean	When this test is over today I'm making a pan of brownies. I'm going to lay in bed all day eat them until my heart is content.
clean	When will Joe stop telling PBO how to do his job? You couldn't even keep a job in teabagger Florida. morningjoe
clean	When you colored every day is Sunday
clean	Whenever I see a pic captioned Soft ghetto I log off for 25 minutes
clean	Where would me life be without God and ...seriously I'd probably be living In a trash can haha!
clean	Where's the part where Fat Amy goes err wop wobn wefo? thingspeoplesay
clean	Which expendable player can we put in with the sole objective of breaking Beverley's jaw?
clean	Whipped cream , endlesslove
clean	Whipped out some french in front of some babes at the post office. winning
clean	White kids, black kids, yellow kids hell even purple kids, if you carry yourselves like Daniel Geale you will go far. GealeMundine2
clean	Who is John Hanson? A Black Man, A Moor, John Hanson was the First President of the United States! George...
clean	Who needs an alarm when you have the worlds most annoying bird outside your window?!???
clean	Who remembers when we were in middle school/high school and would throw paper in the trash from our seat and yell KOBE! Lmfaoooo
clean	Who wanna play pin da tail on da colored man's butt?
clean	Who would've known that Jesus'll come back to the ghetto / on that level and that thorough like a black heroine.
clean	Who'd have thought my redneck husband would claim the hipster glasses?
clean	Whoever made these brownies and cookies belongs in heaven
clean	Whoever mocks the poor insults his Maker; he who is glad at calamity will not go unpunished.
clean	Whoo? A new attraction in Virginia City, birds of prey. Meet this owl famous for his role in Harry Potter.
clean	Whoooooaaa no chill savage Here monkey monkey
clean	Whoops bought snuggly hideous fuzzy boots because it's cold as balls all of a sudden
clean	Why Jon hates birds.
clean	Why McDonald's breakfast good but the lunch trash
clean	Why are people saying don't let guys treat you like a yellow starburst? That's my favorite.
clean	Why can't I have colored eyes like my siblings
clean	Why do peeps gotta be mad ghetto nowadays? Smh pull up your pants!
clean	Why do visiting teams WHINE about right field as if it is longer for their batters. Yankees YankeeStadium
clean	Why does MSNBC have a news show that is 100% opinion right wing talking points? Joe the nation is with PBO not u teabaggers morningjoe
clean	Why is all these artist and new ones making so much trash?
clean	Why is my mother bothering me about the trash? It's my day off leave me alone and stop nagging
clean	Why no boycott of racist redskins? Redskins ChangeTheName ChangeTheMascot
clean	Why won't we run the ball? Our offensive coordinator is retarded
clean	Why would you think Common is trash? Tf
clean	Wicked Oreo
clean	Will Hillary dodo-bird Be Dems 2016 Candidate To Take Over Obama's Job As US Prez? DoG via
clean	Will be interesting to watch how Interlagos grips in this weekend. F1 cars basically the guinea pigs for WEC later this month.
clean	With birds ill share this lonely view
clean	With the birds i share this lonely view...
clean	Without serge, the bird chirps. The sun burns, the grass grows, the world turns. The moon glows, the river flows. But I die without serge.
clean	Won't catch me sneak dissing, thats fo the birds.
clean	Woot! Yankees completed their sixth series sweep of the season and fourth at home.
clean	Word to my bird!
clean	Working Saturday is for the birds FML
clean	Would you be interested in some eggplant? twerk on me
clean	Would you rather be a monkey or a gorilla? Neither, they're both hairy! But if I had to choose, a monkey. They...
clean	Wow redskins don't want this
clean	Wow, Charlie Strong is cleaning house. Might be upwards of 10 released before he is done.
clean	Wow. No yellow yet? = Pagenaud and Marco screwed. Maybe no yellow coming
clean	Y'all saw how mad that little chunky boy was? He wouldn't even let his dad touch him, bruh lmao
clean	Y'all sleep on Shy Glizzy Young Jefe
clean	Y'all suck on flappy bird
clean	YES!!! NO!!! Will YOU buy the new Caramel Apple flavor of Oreos?
clean	Ya'll take note. There ain't never tornadoes where colored folk live
clean	Yall know Skip Bayless is about to slit his wrists over Romo! Lol
clean	Yankee homeruns make me all tingly.
clean	Yankee pinstripes might be the best unis in the MLB but the gray road ones are the worst CC looks like an elephant trapped in a circus tent
clean	Yankees getting killed
clean	Yankees great Joe DiMaggio reportedly used to beat wife Marilyn Monroe. Here she is in 1954 announcing divorce
clean	Yankees season over tho. So yeah.
clean	Yankees should have NEVER gave away Melky. Guy can flat out HIT. yankees giants
clean	Yankees shouldn't rely on the long ball in the playoffs Yankees MLB
clean	Yanks choked too... Lost 4 strait remember
clean	Yanks won't make the playoffs but we ain't in the AL basement. That's the Red Sox position:
clean	Yasss brownies ice cream
clean	Yea buddy A lot of NBA trash talk going on
clean	Yeah okay let's just put a fire cracker in a cow pie and see what happens
clean	Yeah that's where you're supposed to put the trash can... rude
clean	Yeah they do. Six complete here at The Stadium. Yankees lead the Red Sox 3-1. LetsGoYankees
clean	Yee boy my yung nicca told me dat waxx
clean	Yellow jackets at gas station trash cans are THE worst
clean	Yep, sources confirmed it. That Iggy concert last night was trash
clean	Yes. And favorites this. please tell me you didn't buy that trash
clean	Yesterday, I saw a red hair do, with streaks of orange and yellow in it. Combed up like Woody Wood Pecker. And...
clean	Yo if you get like over 25 of flappy bird you need to do some self evaluation because you probably have no life
clean	You NEED an iPhone to use their stupid watch? Apple is just grabbing people ankles and shaking the money out of rubes pockets.
clean	You all are retarded if you really Kendrick was trying to diss all those rappers, don't think just cuz names were said he was coming at them
clean	You always buy me colored goldfish when my stash is low, and you are a constant inspiration to me and
clean	You can only say the word negro if it's attached to the word league. Then we're totally cool, guys.
clean	You could be viewing the future through rose-colored glasses t... More for Libra
clean	You know you are in the ghetto when you see streets named Martin Luther King Jr LittleJohn. halp
clean	You like those? Honestly they tasted like the sole of my shoes that's a shame.
clean	You losing 0-3 and that's what u trying to do? Stupid yardie
clean	You said you be smoking strong but your wrong you been smoking trash and it aint in my lungs if it aint that pressure
clean	You said you be smoking strong but your wrong you been smoking trash it's not in my lungs if it ain't that pressure.
clean	You're all just crows on the power lines.
clean	You're black? Your name looks Hungarian. You marry a Hunky?
clean	You're just trash like sorry
clean	You're like a lucky leprechaun with a charmed day on your hand... More for Gemini
clean	You're standing on a slippery slope where it's all too easy to... More for Libra
clean	You're stuck on ghetto middle school days. Step our g... wtf how ah I stuck in the middle school games jusy bc...
clean	Your A Good Gravedigger, Charlie Brown SpookyBroadway
clean	Your grammar is trash.
clean	Yup Egg nog trash rap
clean	Zack still questions my love for Oreos lol
clean	after the steelers lost the superbowl i loaded up the black and yellow gmix on my moms computer, i think the youtube page is still open
clean	ahahahh!!!ping pang POW! HOW U LIKE ME NOW! Shouts out 2 my bro Dre Hogg Style Ent! Uza fool 4 dis 1
clean	and now every time me and my friend talk, no matter the subject, her nips haunt us. it's as if one nip was introducing itself to the other.
clean	another long night with allergies! need better ned than zertec or however you spell it!
clean	anybody remember that movie Thumbelina? I didn't noticed how flamin the bird was until now
clean	anybody want any sugar maple saplings? I have about 50 popping up in Heidi's hillbilly beach. me and emm's planted two Friday.
clean	anybody want to take me to pollo?
clean	apparently I'm pathetic trash alright (-:
clean	b/c she likes black men and rap music? Huh lol in general she wants to be colored
clean	bae won his game redskins
clean	bats are cool as hell because they're basically half tiny fox half leather bird.
clean	beanies cumming real soon
clean	been a long December hasn't it? counting crows (:
clean	before and after I started playing flappy bird ... before: after:
clean	being up at 5am cuz your cat meowed at a nocturnal bird is the ultimate toughbreak
clean	blue-sapphire-earrings 18k-yellow-gold-clip-on-diamond Alexandra Earrings in Emerald Crystal on Emma
clean	bound, gagged, shoved in a trash bin with two bullets in the back of the head. I suspect natural causes. said the world's worst detective.
clean	brass monkey dat funky monkey
clean	can my cat not kill birds and make a huge mes of feathers
clean	can't decide if i should wear my yellow rain boots for the purposes of being all black yellow errrrything...
clean	chargers and raiders are both trashboltupdoe
clean	cheeky lol I want those all black and yellow 95s again... ughh I those
clean	chicken spaghetti trash
clean	cleaned all the bird nests out of the downspouts and ready for more rain, the baby birds are out now. respect the birds...and bees (:
clean	colored denim makes me puke
clean	cookies and crackers aren't even on the same level!
clean	coon fills coffee up halfway uses 11 Irish cremes to fill other half
clean	country boy, hick lyfe, white tee, rebel flag
clean	cousin: why is there a bird on your screen me: it's twitter cousin: i poke you me: that's facebook
clean	cut up porkchop, canned pinto beans, a small can of carrots, can of corn, celery, a potato. cayenne powder + crushed red pepper
clean	damn lol Janay Rice speaks on the domestic violence costume that mocks her marriage
clean	dblite works like a charm in OpenWrt Arduino Yun with full test coverage. The gyp version would rarely made in there
clean	diet coke trash
clean	directions: let bird chill in sink for 30 minutesme: ok
clean	dodgerofzion asked: A giant green rooster walks in carrying a tray of brownies. You may have a brownie in...
clean	dont make direct eye contact with anything...birds cats nothing lol I'm going out west to bu (...)
clean	egg nog taste like what bird doodoo look like
clean	eggnog trash
clean	eharmony just informed me that my soulmate is an 02 Sea Doo with a trash bag of Whataburger taquitos bungeed on top. Thx, Dr. Neil Warren.
clean	escort missions in games are universally trash
clean	even nature looks awesome when colored in 663399Becca
clean	f u tumblr bc my blog is black white but there's so many great colored things I could reblog fml
clean	feelin all warm and fuzzy inside...
clean	fuzzy socks are the actual life
clean	glenladen got life flight to osu and they are saving him, don't mess with the birds RESPECT
clean	graham crackers with marshmallows, the little marshmallows and little chocolate bars and we can make s'mores, man.
clean	green beans, summer yellow squash, zucchini, cucumber I will set some more out by the road today its free.
clean	guess I will mess with it later! not sure what else to do! maybe trash it! lol!!! not yet maybe after I when the lottery!
clean	guess rubes doesn't want to go on a date with me
clean	having a blast yesterday...she even had me on the monkey bars tryna kill myself lol!
clean	he's making fun of me cause I'm worried about the bird and he saying he's not surprised because I don't like splitting poles lol ugh jerk
clean	hillbilly bone-bo-bone-bo-bone bone
clean	how ah yardie reach wyoming??? (live at
clean	how much you wanna bet that a anti-government black helicopter teabagger was behind the Boston Marathon explosions? p2 tcot
clean	now works on fancy telephones, so I am told. I have a clam phone that I call Mr. Clam that only texts and phones.
clean	i dont think women should wear flesh tone colored pants... lol
clean	i get what that girls point seems to be but colored people died during the holocaust and 9/11. ((if that's a picture of the holocaust idk))
clean	i made sweet SPICY drunken noodles with handmade and handcut ho fun noodles with marinated chicken/shrimp. my back is hurting.
clean	i reblogged them to mock her god bless
clean	i saved a bird yesterday.
clean	i think i need to watch dawn of the planet of the apes now...
clean	i thought garbage men were supposed to bring trash to the dump but they wouldn't take me ha ha ha. self depreciation ftw.
clean	i wanna go to the ghetto club tonight.
clean	i was pulling for the redskins in that one
clean	i was such a teacher's pet in elementary school. like i brought them cookies and brownies and gave them hugs. im ashamed
clean	iMessage so trash
clean	iOS 8 autocorrect is trash My phone be capitalizing the dumbest things!
clean	if i were to die and be resurrected as an animal id be a howler monkey
clean	if ice jj fish gets all these looks , who really trash me or him
clean	if u don't buy the box of colored goldfish you r a racist tbh
clean	if u eat fried eggs and leave the yolk entirely yellow ur a disgrace and also nasty
clean	if ur girl watch Snapped in front of u she trying to spook u!!!
clean	im genuinely getting mad at this children's video game about mickey mouse and darkness and big keys
clean	im wearing a sweater and it's ike 80 degrees in my house
clean	ion like papoose but he went in lol
clean	is it ghetto to grease yo scalp at work
clean	is she choking it!!! I want a pet monkey
clean	it's a brand new day and the birds they chirpin
clean	it's awesome when people you've known for years talk trash about you behind your back and then ask you for favors later. truly awesome.
clean	it's so weird outside. it's like yellow.
clean	its either a gun, a sandwich, or both. details looking really fuzzy right now and i don't trust any police department in MO
clean	jacob u look like a monkey in dis
clean	janet Jackson's nip slip iconic
clean	jig levitating Samsung made fun of Bendgate. Now the Galaxy Note 4 fails, too.
clean	jig levitating for lousiville
clean	jm sorry to hear this I'm going to chipotle for the first time. It better not be trash.
clean	just found out has an Australian president! hoosiers are my team hoosierstate indiana iu iubb big10 20-2 tonight!
clean	just noticed some trash on my notification page i had to clean up
clean	just saw the words tinker tailor soldier spy and muttered no aloud
clean	kit kats trash
clean	last thought before bed: in 92 we had a mock election in 3rd grade and i voted for Perot. maybe i related to his really big ears, idk.
clean	like. animal crackers are legit the best snack
clean	lil spook and yung lean and robb all night
clean	lmao I s2g having roots with yellow/white hair makes it look so dirty I'm
clean	lmaoooo Girls, don't let a guy treat you like a yellow starburst. You are a pink starburst.
clean	lmaoooo Everything on BET is trash. B-Rad White Mike was on BET, he can't be trash
clean	lol @ that tweet zebra.
clean	lol they replaced the big yellow chicken with Homer
clean	loves how Day Timers always come with coloured maps and distance charts. It makes me feel far more important then I actually am.
clean	mall with my fellow ginzos to do some christmas shopping fuckdimmy vinnysnotmadon billgetsbuns
clean	march is about to get mad! marchmadness collegehoops indiana iubb hoosiers
clean	mashed potatoes , string beans , yellow rice , and chicken
clean	might walk to Dunkin donuts, i want a Oreo coffee coolatta.
clean	mimi trash lol
clean	my girlfriend, I kid you not, eats bacon without dipping it into the tub of creamy butter I've laid out. I'm like what are you, a bird?
clean	my grandma got a rosta colored dress it's so pretty She better let me borrow it
clean	never have I seen a toddler chug a water bottle so fast lol
clean	nope Just ordered Domino's. Am I trash?
clean	not fun when you have braxton hicks and cramps regularly from moving around. You try it!
clean	note to self: boiling water hot, monkey brain
clean	now I have to clean up a dead bird and pieces of glass
clean	now time to find the monkey term scripts!
clean	o unpunished. This has been the view for many thousands of years in civilised and uncivilised society.
clean	o yea!!! liking the yellow:)
clean	old fellas water froze in that funeral home. he got it unthawed and wants me to help get his pump going again, that place spooks me man...boo
clean	on the first day of school, my backpack had no paper and no books. all it had were 4 granola bars, a brownie, and a bag of cookies.
clean	one man's trash is another man's wife.
clean	one of my cats killed a baby bird and a cardinal
clean	only my school wouldnt give kids their schedules... ghetto
clean	ooh girl cute face but yellow teef. lol
clean	oops: constitutionalists teabaggers in mississippi forgot ratify a centerpiece of the constitution: 13th amendment banning slavery.
clean	pancakes trash
clean	pinto grigio dreams turned into moscato reality
clean	pretty girls wit bird brains...what a waste smh
clean	random running dogs in the ghetto
clean	red meat trash
clean	remember when the dude who played young ned followed my youtube channel. this was when i actually used my youtube for more than favorites
clean	respect the birds. peace in pieces.
clean	segment finally did it. NEVER again watching teabagger propaganda in the morning on msnbc again. on currenttv for me morningjoe
clean	she was telling me about this kid who's soles of his shoes are falling off. I am going to get him some shoes. hope his parents don't get mad
clean	sheryl crow being the bae
clean	shout out to pullz cuz I kno if I was trash he would have kept it a buck... I swear he had every I made jus cuz n actually bump dem too
clean	sick and watching the Yankees game
clean	smh NYC cops leave Ebola doctor's apt dump gloves and masks in public trash can
clean	so uncivilized
clean	so. mad... We live in a world where whitey can go to jail for a word other folks wear right on their hats tshirts. If I wore that shirt...
clean	some call me the song bird of my generation
clean	some kid in an angry birds costume bumped into me and I fell over making something else fall over into something else which wobbled and...
clean	somebody take these Oreos away from me before I eat the whole pack
clean	stance socks trash
clean	stupid teacher talks to like he's retarded
clean	such a sucker for some Oreos
clean	teeth can make or break a person. you could be a 10 and have yellow teeth and immediately drop to a 2.
clean	thanks for the follow ! I may be a fan, but you guys are one of the best broadcasters in the !
clean	that would be the stunt in which crossed some water dressed as a dead man while his teabagger sheriff friend watched him.
clean	the bird with the aim of dreams
clean	the birds out tonight
clean	the rams really dont wanna be trash, jeff fisher really bout it
clean	the train station Harry's at is trash I've been to the same Eurostar too they refunded my whole trip to Paris bc train accident
clean	the trash wheel has a twitter? and googly eyes?
clean	them jants be clutch for bedtime tho
clean	there was a bird on the back balcony, dead. with sadness I reflected on the fragility of life, put him in a bag, and threw him in the trash.
clean	they're not playing Charlie Strong's soft don't run up the score mentality. They're playing this guy.
clean	third party keyboards on iOS 8 trash
clean	this is why i love birds.
clean	this movie is actually good cuz its so retarded
clean	this show trash LongLive Queen Latifah show...
clean	timbs straight trash though
clean	today i start breaking in a new pair of docs have mercy on my soles
clean	top layer trash.
clean	trash Can the Notorious B.I.G.s son CJ Wallace rap? Watch vote here:
clean	trash af
clean	trash night tonight. I can already hear the sound of America's thriving economic sector out on the street, four wheels, one of them wobbles.
clean	trash show
clean	triple fudge brownie chunk ice cream LifeChanging
clean	trust me, just set the alpha to 0. it's just as good (maybe better) than setting the visibility to false. now: fly on silver bird!
clean	u ho u hot i really like the way u keep te flow natural
clean	under my windoowww Bleaching your teeth, smiling flash, talking trash, under your breath
clean	versace bird feeder
clean	walking dead gonna be so trash this season
clean	we dem birds.
clean	wearing pajamas tonight 4 da gook UDigg Grey day
clean	were gunna shake our honkey tonk badonkadonks (:
clean	what a clam shame
clean	when baylor wins im talking so much trash
clean	who's downie like a brownie 4 brunch? Need mimosas
clean	why they playing trash on ESPN right now.
clean	wish I had a brownie or a dab to knock me out rn
clean	with Louisville (5) losing last night, a win to iubb (7) tonight should have them back in the top 5! ncaa basketball iu hoosiers
clean	wondertrade is the best pokemon feature ever. i just got a level 27 japanese wobbuffet for a level 4 beginning area trash pokemon
clean	wth is that playing missy? ... i mean seriously? This movie gone be trash
clean	yay I like when jacob has colored layouts
clean	yaya ho... cute avi tho I had no idea she was sleep
clean	yea so about s new friend... all my friends kno they're only allowed one cute darkie friend n that's me! lol
clean	you know what they say, the early bird gets the worm. *puts gummy worms in your morning coffee*
clean	you've gone and broke the wrong heart baby, and drove me redneck crazy
clean	~~Ruffled | Ntac Eileen Dahlia - Beautiful color combination of pink, orange, yellow white. A Coll